(News Reporter)
atop the news this evening *static*
this just in *static*
thanks, bob. (helicopter sounds, gunshots in background) due to extreme technology advancements, I'm able to report to you live here, from what military officials are calling a 'hot zone.' As you can see and hear, I'm right in the middle of the battlefield. Our pentagon regulations asked us that we are, uhh, to stay towards the, uhh, back of the unit. But let me see if I can bring us a little closer so you can see exactly what's going on....*explosion*
(Aesop Rock)(Verse 1)
What'd I miss?
900 cc's of the raw in one fist
the bum's dumb blitzed
order in the court where the mortars jump bricks
everybody, lung on the table, this point/counterpoint
Aesop has the murkiest, yet he numb out the prowler oint (uh)
and after bubblegummy sink into the sofa
clicker the pilot his broadcasted choice of cobra (hissssss)
the venom remains the same game of stale toxins
camo'd with the now ornamental satellite options
whatever's good i got this grave half dug (true)
With Yanni coverin 'Cats' to make the pain worse than it was (nooo)
playin marbles (playin marbles) hit by a bus (hit by a bus)
death is sweet (death is sweet) hell sucks (sucker)
Damien probably wishin I'd donate a f--k
this s--t's chiller than any conversation I've had in months
the iron fang drew 'em all loopy (real loopy)
so when he extended a hand the planets plutos(?) went snoopy
and perfect syncopated burnt to crispy critters
like synchronized swimmers in boric rivers
mmmm, poor so critters
lick chopped chicken, who dares lick a shot at pigeons?
why I oughta (Vast get em!)
he surfs city circuits for the power and the glory
to the cowards in the quarry, you will always blink before me
its Doc Roc full effect, campfire stories
like I threw ya mama from the train for tryin to front on 'Porkies'
He finds the garbage more inspiring than the good stuff (right)
his ink sleeps while the military look tough
look, im sorry, crooked priority list
but mr. USA up all night's blackened heart already skips
I'm 'bout to crash this bitch to hibernate
tell Wolf Blitzer holler at his boy when he hosts Blind Date
it goes spit on CNN and force the war back thru the cable box
gremlins(?) are like stage props aimed at latest names dropped
so now we ignorant, right? (right?)
no (no) we just accepts the inevitable apocalyptic syllabus
sing along, Zook-a-dize chemical poison, then watch him bring it on
dag nabbit, that cat's bastard
I dead opinions and swap it out for the urges
of a serpent tryin to stuff it in the jam before the curtains
(Chorus)
He's numb to the guns (right) thanks to the tank cam
glued to the box like the opposites'll shake hands (no)
enough Hell for the world's hand baskets
enough Cell's for the world's hand captured (come on)
numb to the guns (riiiight) now he touch buttons that'll re-route imagery
yes doggie, recognize the history
yes doggie, recognize the misery (right)
switch for element of surprise and demise
(Verse 2)
From m-16's to disco in hula-hoops
murder the fads before the fads murder you and yours
me and mine find T&A; on TNT
Pleasing to the iris more than TNT on DNA (oh)
morbid but important (right?) I know, STOP
Mork porked Mindy in this episode, WATCH
P-O-W-B buzz over the rumbling cannons and lest amateurs, bystander analyst
went thru the 'holy f--kin' s--t, I'm gonna die' phase
now it's 'well, I'm gonna die, lets get this barn's sides raised'
so when they ask 'whats your opinion on the war?'
I tell 'em 'war sucks donkey dick. what's the Knicks' score?'
maybe it's his allergies to horns and pitchforks (umm, umm)
dusk muskrat (uhmm) elephant tusk jab (uhmm)
elegant bloodbath leggin it, egg 'em on
television preg-a-nant and medicine is born
Get a mean doubt community duel glazed over blank, white sockets
lookin for a heavy seven richter to shiver the crocs right up out they options
novacaine, bloodwork spooned thru the loch ness
hostage, no shame, suck the fear out his muck
so when the nozzles hit his nostrils
he don't give a f--k
after all, its just like on t.v. around the clock
the thorns are real the anger management is not
(Chorus)
He's numb to the guns (right) thanks to the tank cam
glued to the box like the opposites'll shake hands (put 'em up!)
enough Hell for the world's hand baskets
enough cells for the world's hand captured (come on)
numb to the guns (riiiight) now he touch buttons that'll re-route imagery
yes doggie, recognize the history
yes doggie, recognize the misery
switch for element of surprise and demise (come on)
It's like that....yea we don't watch, uhh, we don't watch the war, we watch f--kin...f--kin bikini car wash...s--t's more amusing to me these days...sorry if that makes me an ASSH--E
Cage
Yo, I?ll send this to alla my corporate corpses
Trying to abort the thoughts, coming out wilin?
Time to off the office,
I was surely sort of twisted
Worked at a tv studio, an audio assistant
Easy, do my duty, though at times was in a ?me? mood
Hot I gotta be cool
I was on the brink of fiends truth
Livin in the green room
Made a brother the same color but beyond neon
Pushing me to peon
Barking at dreams to be gone
???talent and many they haven?t any
Was especially a challenge
When you be like goddamnit
Can he lift his vocal
As he?s cuffing it, how my mic sound?
Thinking on the low, it?s perfect when he put the mic down
Clown stand steady, willing wanting subservient
Sound man blurting in thinking I?d fucking murder them
Steaming when I?m watching duke
Scheming on some hot pursuit
Gotta win as these cats be modelin? what not to do
In a getaway car
In a getaway car
In a getaway car, car, car, car
In a getaway car
In a getaway car
In a getaway car, car, car, car
Six in the morning
And the walls close in
High noon calls
And the walls on him
Kings at the ready
Now the walls won?t win
Aesop Rock
Storms on the harbor, like a harbinger of bore
Gore?s my harbinger, pardon the art of war
Get your door?s darkened by the house of card carpenters
Who never thought a slave could be a Spartacus or
Pencil sharpener with a resume for the carnivores
Take important conference calls
In corner office walls
Stealin buckets
A bunch of these punch numbers
Five punch just say no to company functions
And I duck into the dungeons
Nothing says kill it
Like a day of pinching paperclips and staplers for the privilege
Two lives, one is chores for whores
One is where I wanna be when you begin regretting yours
And I?m boredom with a large coffee
Tardy every morning
To a man who authority beyond what it was for
How you gonna pay the rent?
Day job great
Make rap records matter fact thanks!
Peace!
In a getaway car
In a getaway car
In a getaway car, car, car, car
In a getaway car
In a getaway car
In a getaway car, car, car, car
Six in the morning
And the walls close in
High noon calls
And the walls on him
Kings at the ready
Now the walls won?t win
I?m leaving?
AESOP- Pain cave uno, smoking a broken blue note. Tar pit escape artist carcass linger in the bull doze. Rose radio Lazarus via linear bark screaming 'I'm back to kill the video star and I'm double parked!'
CHIBA- You can kite this or yet maybe baby you won't. Corvette, green Mercedes, daddy one hundred four. When I'm stunting simply stunnin', funkin' with twenty monkeys. They can be like I'm talkin' 'bout we. Slap that orangutan, drop her on her knees. Please be very cautious the funkin' makes me nauseous. Hate the bogota, The target it ain't off. It's right here and the volume's on three.
SUEDE- See, we keep the black plastic stuck in the elastics, even Chevy's heavy hallows lift you higher legend has it. White crows crossing broken bridges double deucy clickin' but the rounds never runnin' out, pounds of ya blood's just comin' out.
CHORUS
We limelighters. Up until the ugly unplug me. We limelighters. Kill it now, fade to black comfortably. Spark the dynamite 'til the limelight's gone. As far as I can see the limelight stays on. And on and on and on the limelight... so we got something built if we all die tonight.
CHIBA- She pissed champagne and shit caviar. Don't the watch the stars, the stars ain't fallin' any sight of glimmer... lo. Shimmering king, spring, they're trembling.
AESOP- O.K. the web spread from Brooklynites to born-in-barn kittens who's gimpy half step hid behind Noah's arc systems. Inconspicuously clustered with the boas, sharks, and pigeons like Zoo York won't clock them rusted crutches up mopping the ship deck. Texas hold'em pocket ace investment. Totem altimeter tiki torch it. Freak abort. Fold or hold a cold cell in peak enforcement fortress. That's a sheep corpse who under penumbra turned tail like a sea horse.
SUEDE- We got that permanent ink, that's staining the paper. Murderer's drink steam in my soul, I'm breathing green vapors. We're the last of them falcons that's soarin' beyond your altitude. Please show us some gratitude. We're carvin' your grave for you.
CHORUS
AESOP- 16 D batteries. See the halflings flee the shire before he tore open the packaging. Plus, minus, in proper Panasonic alignment. Pseudo Pliskins o.d. on kick drums, snake, escape that environment.
SUEDE- Wave that colt 44, bolts of lightning with Travolta grease. Strip your skeleton, it's swelterin' inside Miami Heat. Your fishnet and red vette are sizzling. Shoot through chocolate city, Wonder Woman wind whisting. Freeze, presidential sleaze, with Egyptian cuts, Valentine Ave., Jack Daniels out of them plastic cups. Winter white pinstripe lookin' Hugo. Poison ivy out the windpipe blowin' the crucial.
CHIBA- First they line up, we'll divide them. Suede get roscoe, then design 'em. Aesop rock box drop the hot rod getaway car, and head up the rock highway.
CHORUS
[Blueprint]
I spit with an immense amount of power
Skull flame showers, cowards, cower, underneath our
Storm clouds that indicate the acid rain hours
Now or, never, ever, ending on a bad note
Ripping a crab's throat for spitting a bad quote
(Blueprint what's your approach?)
I smash black folk and white folk alike for jokes with mics
And make a Kodak moment out of the most boring open mic
I'll make a sad fan appreciate rap again
Fuck around and forget just how wack it's been
I'm a bad man (Why's that?)
I catch bullets in my molars, body slam boas
And take flight with the weight of the world on my shoulders
And play David Blaine on any chains that hold us
What started out as food for thought, turned into thoughts to turn they
crews into food in hopes to satisfy my
Insatiable appetite to dine on lifeforms
Small planets and satellites
You solar system is my condiment
I'm bombin' comets, and don't sweat the small things and nonsense
Every dog has his day and even more so in rhyming
So I decided that I'd never play the fire hydren
Or grab the mic sounding lazy, worn down and tired
Cats don't really fall off they just get uninspired
But before you, get a reason to ever diss us
I'll drop a ill LP and disappear like Bobby Fischer
But this is, the building block of all that is
And what it is, is Alchemy
[Aesop Rock] (Chorus)
Alchemy, basic with a touch of wild wonder
Alchemy, we made this to take your style under
Metal frame, walking through a, metal game with a limp, tight grip
Determined not to let time slip
This is Alchemy, iron b-boy and all his glory
Alchemy, hold it from the colder sob story
Metal frame, walking through a, metal game with a limp, tight grip
Determined not to let time slip
[Aesop Rock]
Ah, dirty, dirty destiny
Birded murders with a burn gurshin a peasantry
Nervous flux flirtin' with hurley burly chemistry
Graffiti burner urchin merchant with a certain urge jerkin' served and centerpiece
My zig-zag bully balance gallops with a fiery outline
Ban and bomb y'all pastel poets belly up (I'll tell you what)
Born stylin' 4 dimensions count em'
3 to take to ya muck one to build a world you'll never touch
And I'm a pilot, delerium, serum, poison arrangement
?Aroused? when I feel like storming suck the raw enslavement
With a grin-style stinger creeping out the basement
Impatient wild ritualistic visions of sacrificial bitch cadence
For all my iron giant soldiers with a metal fist upshielding mother nature
from her fatal wrist cuts story I'll respect you
(So why they blaming you for the cats that sleep while the earth turns?)
Yeah I had em' up all night praying I'd re-release Music For Earthworms
Greed even are lease screaming with milestone like ring ring ring I just
caught the scream phoenix click dial tone
Welcome to a clouds swell blew to hallucination war pillar
Carnivore, carnival, karma slasher
I dash like a jack rabbit that orbits revelation with a single pounce
To Edward Scissorhands your string of doubts (Yo turn it out)
This is that mighty case of home field advantage to bend your blizzard With
a crocodile smile and five robot knuckles to your kisser
(Chorus)
This is Alchemy, basic with a touch of wild wonder
Alchemy, we made this to take your style under
Metal frame, walking through a, metal game with a limp, tight grip
Determined not to let time slip
This is Alchemy, iron b-boy and all his glory
Alchemy, hold it from the colder sob story
Metal frame, walking through a, metal game with a limp, tight grip
Determined not to let time slip
Burn train buffers
My fancy
Up jumps the boogie delivering eye jammies
Walk through the muck with a clutch on a trident
Never give a fuck how far Pi went
You are dealing with a reborn icicle age poltergeist
Uprock, sidewalk cycles stuck at the bus stop
Wookie foot must not sleep
Under the invaders
No batteries
No jumper cables
Wired underagers play box cutter facelift
Rock utter makeshift spirit
To y'all I'm just a funny moniker with a couple of fresh records
And a bangin' hand style to put the jukies On the guest list
Walk for that
Metal train graf brainiac
Walk for them
Not a limelight
more to blush alizarin crimson
when the multi million
Tin men suck traditional rituals
Out the homes of starving children
And I bet they can see the city bleeding from the satellites
Formed by the corporate war drums recorded poorly
Dirty dub vamp.
Bruised by the hues of wicked pallets
Chewed by the tooth of livid maggots
Dino DNA and cola, straight no chaser
Mars attacks colorfulness
I piss raptors on motherships
Hazy days will stay purple
Cause Cips with a Z bargain
Like Crazy Eddie commercials
Go Ah AH AHH AHHH
network with a dirt devil
Burn train buffers.
Hi!
Cute the way your little parasol spins.
Bye!
Suck my Neanderthal dick.
Catapults spit.
Losing the screws and bolts
and all they heard's crews gulp in bulk and sulk in volts
Zap!
Radio m-m-m-m-mayhem, fine.
Suicidal eye full of plastic nine.
Bang!
No batteries etc
Come on
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No batteries
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No cables
They only came to buff the name stuck the train
That's a textbook page
for my seed up in flames
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No batteries
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No cables
Curators cater to killers of innovators
I'm a staple
No batteries no jumper cables
Choke train buffers like a headlocked Ed Koch
Nurture the craft of concrete visionaries
Cave painters screaming "Loosen the cuffs!"
Cave paintings get the natural history feather dust
Pick a lust.
Limo tint stretch delorian chrome sittin on twenties
Then I walk to the stouge, burning my laundry
Lo Pro,
fucked up jeans back at the party spinning Kane meets Flight of the Valkryies in a heartbeat.
Saber tooth, catalog, city art, liturgy
Ranger Ricks endanger the clique maximum efficiency
And isn't that dope?
The line of blind winged Pygars and how they wallow planks into the matmos.
Binder bibles and a graphite prison violator
with Joshua for the war gamer systems.
Now the architects are rioting cause we built something different
I'm like how the fuck sure shot evolution not my business?
My elephant television was on.
Grape soda, Grape ape, Great space coaster,
DnD, GI Joe, Transformer, Herculiod, ThunderCat, Voltron, Speed Racer, Space Ghoster.
Kiss the flickering images with Carroll Ann fingertips,
see-4 to four chamber skips,
Ohh shit...
They say his eyes were spiraling back when he hit the mat
Woke first words: "Oh it's like that?"
Started bendin spoons and rippin arrows outa lady hawks
With a C3P unit tryin to interpret the baby talk
Burn train buffers
Right turn woulda missed the iceberg, fine.
But you don't like our kind. Do you?
Junkyard Dog. Hot tin roofs cradle kittens with them sub par flaws.
Rappin is my radio, graffiti is my TV.
be	-boys keep them windmills breezy.
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No batteries
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No cables
They only came to buff the name stuck the train
That's a textbook page
for my seed up in flames
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No batteries
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No cables
Curators cater to killers of innovators
I'm a staple.
No batteries no jumper cables
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No batteries
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No cables
They only came to buff the name stuck the train
That's a textbook page
for my seed up in flames
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No batteries
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No cables
Curators cater to killers of innovators
I'm a staple.
No batteries no jumper cables
Don't get cooked by the pilot light
I can smell metal in the air tonight
I can smell metal in the air tonight
I can smell metal in the air tonight
Don't get cooked by the pilot light
I can smell metal in the air tonight
I can smell metal in the air tonight
I can smell metal in the air tonight
And it is with the dogs with their rifles, thousands of them line the pavement, like patients pupae waiting to become worms
(I feel good as new, good as new, good as new, good as new....)
The people are dead, but the money keeps talking
[Aesop]
Another dark night, teethin the market of B-sheep, like I'm walking around the 39 thieves in a beat spores of a warm Helvetica brown proper for the odd gutter monster propped on the teleprompter, wild blue yonder blue in the face angel blew into the bugle in lieu of the euthanasia, usually the shooter community chew the corpse but I see the wolves have already gotten to you and yours, day of the dead play the ledge closely train the barrel of monkeys to aim at the lowest bogey, dope, the gonzo have always felt choked socially, stole the golden fleece with the culture of total nobodies earth lies divided by fighting tribes all we do is watch em waddle back and forth lighting fires (money money) detonator wire cutters pliers two cities and one is broken up in tiny tiles and I walk, pose, harmin the heart of the lion's throat for a photographic children of my primordial growth, you parade around a kill so damn proud like a flat-line fetish had his feathers fanned out, war totem symmetry, skip into it gingerly, silk worms ping pong minister to ministry, hells bells every which way the winds blows, so I bang my head against any wall you can build, go
[El-P]
another dark night, another not alright, another bad ritual, war-bot surgery, better follow the bread-crumbs back, in fact, urgently, there's water through the session where the natives feel murder-y, vicinity wandered claim no zone never let an anchor drop never had a home never talk to strangers never trust a friend, this is the life and the life will not end
(Money money money money money money...)
(Good as new, good as new, good as new, good as new...)
[Aesop]
Next time think, 39 thieves, quicker than 40 winks, raise your drinks, 39 thieves, quicker than 40 winks
Why are you consumed with the community aloofness, dude we're animals we'll just go where the most food is, lower the toast most former letter-kid is useless, truth is you're equally expendable as spoon-fed, (money money), money is cool I'm only human but they use it as a tool to make the workers feel excluded, like the shinier the jewel the more exclusive the troop is, bullets don't talk bribes stupid, they shoot shit
[Aesop]
Another dark night, down it goes, tread around the rabbit hole, weapons to the heavens and arsenic where the carrots grow, piss warm suger water where the summer canteen plus burn rubber like green is the new green, rubber neck froze, slows by the multiplex, rodeo commotion I'm open to see what culminates, bourgie on the right, left rep rebel force, both say the futile "prove the parking lot was never yours," black top pebble bores, soldiers molded when the joneses every grown-up in Dakota came to groping, no motives they showed em the gross quotas, hog barn burner come see if your home told us, 85 rattle trap park the fancy, he could swear he was steppin outta Comanche, antsy, let us in he jettison the medicine and paranormal hatchery condense and break the levees in (money money), we both know the totem camaraderie, tokin' up equality, they posted horizontally, pride of golden load the doctor brought a lobster colony, half-mass slags have caps through em properly, and sleep the sleep of the just, ready on the left when the witchcraft spun it with a neighboring sect, with the usual undesirables and the Big Brother cutters, on the day your name became "This motherfucker?!"
[El-P]
another dark night, another not alright, another bad ritual, war-bot surgery, better follow the bread-crumbs back, in fact, urgently, there's water through the session where the natives feel murder-y, vicinity wanders claim no zone never let an anchor drop never had a home never talk to strangers never trust a friend, this is the life and the life will not end
This is the life, this is the life, this is the life
The people are dead but the money keeps talking
[Aesop Rock]
Count that for me...thanks
[Robotic voice] 4x
One, two, one, two, three, four
[Aesop Rock]
Well any asshole with a book of matches can light a fire fresh
Make that sucker burn for days, I'll be impressed
Circlin past the culture's bigot, procreation baked in advanceable
Then ball and scurry up the grass to roll his marbles off the anthill
I know gerth and nature but recognize absentee ballot
And sappy ballads couldn't fill the void
This game's in the giant Tugboat Complex and HE'S ANNOYED!
(No one's asking you to feel the narc, brother!)
Hmm, it's fashion
I'll find my own bullies to shake a finger wrapped in
Realigned mine knives in divine justice
Plus this uncontrollable laugh with those ample waves of brain finally crash
Brimstone clone with legs and dim poems
Ten little Zen crafts
Things cooperate like paper dog participants litigans
Picket well or ride or burner style clinic
Acid with the basics
P-H imbalance to burn the malice martyrs spaceless
Then fabricate daytrips
I want to be the halo that jumps off the brain
Of the genius who decided some pictures deserved frames
(God and I are on a first name basis)
Yeah I call him God, he calls me Jesus
When I lost my religion, he fell to pieces
Blade, dragon, up hell's creek
Interrupting a devil pagent
Starfighter settling to madness
I keep my ghoul spirit concealed
Until the warriors return to the Coney Isle Wonder Wheel
[Chorus] 4x
My momma told me there'd be days like this
Days like this, days like this, days like this (yes she did)
[Robotic voice] 4x
One, two, one, two, three, four
[Aesop Rock]
Okay, tell me who you chill with and I'll tell you who you are
I walk a mile with a leash attached to your freak seminar
It's a modern sensation on the boulevard of maintenance
To sweep your broken hopes under the rugs then hug the playpen
This revolution pushing through the loose pins and a strait jacket
A maverick classed in a bunk category
They had him parallel with a tattered glory division
(I could devil drink dreams out of thermos)
Yeah, with a whiskey afterburn
It's like, nine o'clock wake (I'm up) spit obscentities
My girl ties on my cape, smoke a bone then work my dental tree
The clear day's laced with a classic mother nature thunderchaser set
That got my papergrain's wings wet
Voyeurist amendments lack expansive coverage in the syllabus
I dance with shuckles while you man the keyhole grilling code
I've done my chores according to God's schedule
With coffee holding the wheel and nicotine working the pedals
Metal edge kings that tends to rapel the pebble
Kettle screaching out the operetta
I live to autograph the iron curtain with doveback feather pens
Spurting magma, cursing television urns to burn until my Cleopatra
Minor (Major) dispersed slap on the wrist
For the tennants lacking the arms to harbor the rarity of thick friendship
Stuck with a "Yes sir"
Change of fatigue to ankle
Each beneath the angle
I'ma call home until the rock meets the angels
Chorus 4x
[Robotic voice] *repeat to fade*
One, two, one, two, three, four
Yoput one up shackle me, not clean logic procreation
I did not invent the wheel I was the crooked spoke adjacent
While the triple sixers lassos keep angels roped in the basement
I walk the block with a halo and a stick poking your patience
Ya'll catch a 30 second flash visual
Dirty cooperative Neptune blue head hurt splits
Ridiculous fathom the splicing of first generation
fuck up or trickle down anti hero smack (Cracking!)
I paste the game to zero all completion green (Splash!)
Took an early retirement pick a dream
American nightmare hogging the screen
I'll hold the door open so you can stumble in
and you would stop following me around the jungle gym
Now it's an honor and I spell it with the 'H' I stole from heritage
Marry crutch stolen wretched refuge refuse my teaming resonance
I promise temperance storm breed with a leaning conscious
In a credence relax responsive with my sports outsource the wattage
And I'm sleeping now (Wow!) And the settlers laugh
You won't be laughing when your covered wagons crash
You won't be laughing when the buses drag your brother's flags into rags
You won't be laughing when your front lawn is spangled with epitaphs
You won't be laughing
And I hang my boots to rest when I'm impressed
So I triple knot them then I forgot them
This origami dream is beautiful
but man those wings will never leave the ground
Without a feather and a lottery ticket, now settle down
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way
Slacker bounded imitated tabloid headlined with the post
Shimmy cross the centerfold, and a dead time in ghosts
Giving crumbs for the better souls with seven deadly sins
To hear the plane to crystal conscious
To results a low life counting on one hand what he's accomplished
Ok, lift me to activism chain activate street sweep
Plug in deteriorating zenith pen dragging
I hack swords wars for the morbid spreading of mad men
Now he's got soul
Sitting there licking log cabin in Charlie Chaplin waddle
I could zig zag and zig 'em again for the bad dreams
Sparking my brick wall windows another thicket storm
And if one night in Gotham without the wretched
Houston we have a problem
Dispatch a task of infested patch of city goblins
Who split how many freaks with box cuts of a high road bellow
Heads ripped! Watch red bricks turn yellow
Sort of similar to most backbones at camp Icarus
Raw feelings start congregating at pamper for bickering
Life's not a bitch life is a beautiful woman
Your only call her a bitch because she won't let you get that pussy
Maybe she didn't feel y'all shared any similar interests
Or maybe you're just an asshole who couldn't sweet talk the princess
Kiss the speaker wire or either pass it for some pagan thresh hold
Stomach full of halo kibbles
Wings span cast black of porn visuals hear the duck hunt ticker tape
Vision and pick apart the pixels
I got a friend of polar nature and it's all peace
When I seek similar stars but can't sit at the same feast
Metal Captain!
This cat is asking if I've seen his little lost passion
I told him: "Yeah, but only when I pedaled past him"
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way
[Aesop Rock]
Well, so we meet again
(He said he's grown spiritually since the last TIME)
Ok, this is the dawning of the book of bitter aspects
Where the jackals sit and watch the PEDAGOGUES last flesh
Poison functions accompanied by six armorclad
Black horse and buggy mechanism
Tugged a portion of my severed vision
The gathering of loose ends in a bucket
Wit a shoestring budget
Every man's got a field to plow (I know that now)
But it's like, man I really can't afford the oxen
Fee fie et cetera
I smell the warm blood of the bill collector knockin
I get awkwardly sturdy with a frigid liquid backbone
I get swept in the pressure cooker tryin to paddle back home
I get sprung with a vibe and alliance of clean intention
By eclipsing doom midigons hatched to bash these picket fences
Now I'll attend the wedding of the open SORE AND festering
Now when the groom presents the ring
The bride commence to blistering
This textbook magnificently crude
Prototype king beserker MODULE
INSERTED vertical thirst, burst horizontal
Treasure, loose cannons span the STARBOARD BOW OF
The clippership dipped in truth famine pressure
Cabin fever meter pegging ludicrous
Beautiful cartoon troopers
swallow brutal futility with a teaspoon full of sugar
I rock ready aim fire, while y'all rock ready fire aim
Then blame the stationary target WHILE the prey escapes the frame
Merit badge marksman, OR poacher, it's all the same
So I lay across the woods perpendicular to the grain
[Chorus] *rapped in doubletime*
I WANNA be a big bang, gotta be
Never BOTTLE ME UP IN A probably, I wanna see a "Yes sir, sir"
YES SIR!
Armed with a tone, cross, sword to the bone
Warn the other brothers that was born forlorn
Big bang, SHOVEL IN A BIG DIG
HUDDLED IN A tunnel of big dreams I think big things
I'ma burn with this little light of mind
and a prime concern to earn thanks, I'ma be a big bang
*repeat*
[Aesop Rock]
I'm just a survivor of the wooly mammoth population
Bottle neck effect, sorta born deaf
Alien of shallow alchemy
If you gon' metamorph the basemetal to precious
Might as well steal from the rich, bewitch the peseants
I'm floating the hoaming pigeon out hell's kitchen window
Left an SOS infested bottle nestled in his grip so
With a prayer circle release party and hardy wild bellow
I observed him fly ten feet then dropped the bottles to the devils
Fertile circle turn FERTILE crescent via bad investment
Despised every second, but I GUESS I LEARNED MY LESSON!
If I made an angel in the snow for every rotted victim
There'd be wings to float this mothership up out the godless system
Sticky panoramic CONTAMINANT planet
In conjunction with phantom assumption
Gutterbug alumnus candidates
Well, I promise you I'LL man the lighthouse
Just to help guide in your ship
If you promise to help pull this hook out my lip (bitch)
Godspeed, straitjacket and ragged approach
To circle suns via folklore pollutants DERIVED strictly
From a BC generation disgust (might be disscused)
Community movement alluding to a
"No blood given, no recognition"
Life matter, I was us up all night with a rusty hammer
Trying to build a fence around these magic beans my dreams are gathered
But uh, that CERTAIN LACK of avail
I sail a choppy lie with bouancy like a bucket of rocks (a bucket of rocks)
Chorus 2x
[Aesop Rock]
Big bang, bi-big bang
It's gettin bigger by the second
Check it
Ok, I'm here to rock the tugboat and BID the others farewell
I shook the buddy system wisdom till the similairs repel
I sell a barrel of spirit to dummy dimwits syndicate jackals
I'm broken arrow to the fuckin bone (broken poem)
I don't really believe in God
But God, I'm scared to death of God?!?
I swear to God, I never meant to spill the beans
Nor tear the pod
It's like I hike an acre unimpressed
And slept on the sabre's edge
Enough times to splice anti-Christ's favorite pledge
I wanna know myself
Sorta solo sheep amidst wolves
And still my shepherd can't administer the proper push and pulls
I push the ghouls to man overboard
Pull the bulls onto my sword
And buckle down in a corner chair OF THE round table floor
Got an angel on my left shoulder, a devil on the polar
Got a mug a frigid, got a mug a solar, sliiidde over
The recipe's design unplug the appetite for continuity
By stitching together AN esteemed CONGRUANCE (beautifully)
I peel back HEARTS and lodge GRIEF physics in the chambers
Cuartarize the wound and heads like "Gimme gimme something major"
Road side prophetic, ascend well
enveloped in a mummy ribbon system
Blistering in a wishing well
BIG BANG!
[looped sample]
It's like antisocial
hazardous portion organically nourished couraged to flourish and muses often
Lunged nicotine dream missing languorous
Caution we proclaim until brain's off like Sagittarius
Shield. Yield to the eye mescaline killer veals
Stonegates marching moodily until plural styles immaculated beautifully.
Rudely awoke.
Sing rumble blue conglomerates sucking up lung while brushing parasitic critics to my left side.
I test glide kamikaze crashed to thoughtless on my preface.
The therapeutic unit recommended.
Now slow-mo Quasimotos teeter on ringleader status while I spit satellite photos while teetering on the stratus.
Sleepwalking the atlas after none. Trudge and nudge my ninety-nine octane brain to one-oh-one.
Run to organize my mood like quarterize my wound and climb up.
Lovely samaritans line up like bar codes for a fraction of my factions.
The hollow of his hand beholds contraptions via
Amplified files collapsed in cacophonic conquest. My specs up.
More postille and docile insubordinance your phylum.
For a dotta asylum swarmed your coordinates. Rush.
Must not sleep, must warn others.
I'll tourniquet your turbulence then trample on your stutters.
If I could displace every vagrant in America with traces of my character the Earth would be a more pitiful habitat.
With infinite acres of auto-cry eight can aid ya. Swung open the nomenclature to obscure wool-lock trickery. Pure
Has not got tossed back by liquors supporting patience, working knuckles for audio duplication.
That's like fiending for a purpose.
[looped sample]
Aesop Rock, prototype Robocop
Jabberwocky rocking on the highest hilltop.
I possess two siamese styles that's like connected at the mic hollering monstrous.
Poly-tech impeded indidgy progress, deaf,
Swept off your meridian. It's operation Start With a Slummy Raped Your Milk and Honey.
Can I like, conjure up like all potent components of like,
Middle siblings scribbling on his lonesome like,
Hit him with my ninety-nine metal plated mics upon the wall, take them down, pass them round, rock them all. Bust it.
I'm forever building my City of Lost Children ripping rungs off your ladder at a
Sardonic smirk. Ebonics lurking where the crop circles got stamped out from the rain dance.
Tsunami rain blast tipped off like origami frames and sloppy braincasted class-a-piece mastered to capture your flag then flutter.
While slaves defy water, start roofing paper bags.
The magic-maker dragging devils to add triple sixes melted triple glitches on your console.
I calibrate my mics prior to claim and shit is rockable.
Unlock and pull a backdoor for the bounce.
While cannily panicking was the average. I broadcast modern boredom mesozoic poetry pupils.
Caught up in scruples from the inimical nature of my program.
Elegant, the overcast password cursed on a tactless bastard, catatonic until personal practice mastered.
On a sunny afternoon in lower east side New York...
You about ready? (Yeah)
Good morning my sweet vision of morbid disorder
And Good evening wonderful riddance and such
Maybe today I'll touch the burgundy halo
Trimming the tunnels and of in with tenants
Spangled cross a more tangible premise
?? it needs splinters all up in day-tripper visuals
Take it easy man, fuck it I'll take it any way I can
My palms are generous
When I witness fury scurry past my window
Model city in a bottle plugged hostile
Its bliss kissin pollutin
And a billion suckers pucker in a bind
Maybe the sunken ship is the treasure
No, but they insist it man
I try to Spin me dizzy spongin
Up to giving dungeons functions
As opposed to art historians absorbed inside assumptions
Everybody pop your knuckles when the style divorces vertical
Marveling at the spite with which it curdled
Outside my tenement grows a little warmth
From out the mugs of masons wasted
Laying bricks for days to later find they owned the lot adjacent
Mark the blasphemy elements of elogance and savagery
Murder the gossip, fuck it run off happily
The broken spoke cyclers chokin open doctors they as born fetus
In a matchbox conveniently padlocked to the hammer base
Now these impurities embedded in five illiterates textiles
Shedded in the hell tale to motivate blind suspended leverage
Now i'm drowning in a pool of why are you here
Sabotage with my beats the burden pertainance of if I die this year
My name is Dryspell
My name is pillar
My name's allegiance
My name is flagrant
My name's a thousand steps from patience
But I'm sick and tired of waiting
My name's Polaris
My name is canvas
My name is lowlife
My name's intention
My name is every imperfection that plays a part in my descension
My name is carnival
My name is posture
My name is polarized
My name is evidence
My name is delicate approach from symettricating my fellowship
My name's Possessive
My name is cordial
My name is Igloo
My name is captivate
My name is contaminate the rich
And clock the profits for the captain's sake
Let us hope that the horrors of evil
No longer loiter on the doorstep of your past
Circle of sandbags drag the shield a meal the meaty hand grabs
I'm splitting hopes at your local Acropolis
Opulence in a cockpit not the pocket for them born with a ??
Sunk to rest while they've exhausted the art of drunken address
Exhibit fracture lines that converge towards where the hackers whine
Where trappers slack the traps
Unlatch the catch then cover up his trackers line
That will make his majesty furious
Oh bury his head and how could I have been so dense
If only, yeah but I'm lonely
My days graze normalcy then morbidly crash
My years breathe honesty then sardonically laugh
Alas, I dig my toes in to the sand and spit foliage out my lips Personifying mankind's end all aspirations
Hope floats...
No, hope sinks like broken boats and most harassed before provoked
I'm tossing darts at a map of the arts to pick up where you choked
And when the last leaf falls off the branches of resonance
I'll be waiting with my butterfly net to collect the evidence
Well I am a room with poison oak scaling the sides
Arachnids on the celing, rugged thumb tacks, bones and rusty pipes
If you can squeeze between the bars
Enjoy my space employ my waste
In case the hand dealt by a stolen grace
Do you ever wish the circle wasn't square
So when landsharks start circling the borders
You could just cut them off at the corners
There's a ghost in the basket of values
Pertinent to, which cayak pilot succeeded in serving him proof
Now I'm surfin it through
So if you need me spread your wings to spell my name
Above the mess near the other funny requests
See bow to tolerant mannerisms of higher to win
To assist in a meticulous pick a part of cobweb skins
Of innocence
A child of timid instinct with that ten step ahead premise
Supply dust bowls before the zephyr was requested
Violent humble shoes ten shades of blues come off the difference
I grimace, took me one hours blink to conclude that sickly innocence
My name is Dryspell
My name is pillar
My name's allegiance
My name is flagrant
My name's a thousand steps from patience
But i'm sick and tired of waitin
My name's Polaris
My name is canvas
My name is lowlife
My name's intention
My name is every imperfection that plays a part in my descension
My name is carnival
My name is posture
My name is polarized
My name is evidence
My name is delicate approach from symettricating my fellowship
My name's Possessive
My name is cordial
My name is Igloo
My name is captivate
My name is contaminate the rich
And clock the profits for the captain's sake
My name is vagabond
My name is angel
My name is century
My name is hunter
My name is sunburst
My name is wildfire
My name is scrutinize
My name is basic
My name is consequence
My name is cigarettes
My name is cynical
My name is tolerance
My name is hallucinogen
My name is waterfall
My name is runaway
My name is alarm clock
My name is...
[Slug]
Burn it down...
Pad the circles 'round your life
To capture all the sides you sight
Magic tricks where skeptics sink
The ice is thin, stay off the lake
Waiting for a clock to punch
Wish I could breathe and stop for lunch
If I stop to count the leaves on only one of these here trees
Not sure that I know what's pure
Born to kill the insecure
Some respect, some resent, some remain from start to end
Wear my heart on my short sleeves
I'm stuck out here, I lost my keys
From the roof I watch the street
And pray for those that's caught beneath
[Chorus--Slug and Aesop] 2x
As long as I know right from wrong
I'll be ok, I'll sing my songs
[Slug]
I dunno what I have to left
To give other than truth and breath
Angel when she shuts her eyes
Like we will leave to my demise
Between my time is short
About to start my last resort
Wake me up when it's time to make babies
Talkin' planet earthquakes
Tied the laces, touch the ground
Let emotions ruptured now
As long as I know right from wrong, I'll be ok I'll sing my songs
Chorus 4x
[Aesop Rock]
I wanna lift every yellowbrick
I've never felt pressure to have to justify my selfishness
At least not to your and yours
Maybe just my friends and fellowships
As long as the mood is somehow linked to my enhanced development
I swear they'll understand!
There's a storm outside my tenament
Beats upon my windows with Mother Nature's adrenaline
I guess that's why my homey Blockhead stays glued to the television
Now I look less intelligent
'Cause I'm the one that tried to bear the elements and lost
Well it's warm by the filament
Huddled up close in the company of all my relatives
Stories lash like coffee and honest-to-God sentiment
Cucooned inside the unified efforts to all get settled in
Away from where the rain pours
Well count your delegates
Weed out the bums who practice migration under the elegant
Of course I realize to fill the ring, procedure's delicate
But lead devils inside to collide with your overzealousness
And fall to rock bottom
Spot em with their carelessness
The urge could burst to turn even those hazardous to militant
You can't even have half of free second
The beat comes gelatin
You gotta aim, fire and the spider be model veteran
Buried in merit badges
I'm stuck in the center and could care less
About the eye of the storm and its monstrous measurements
I got a defense that I call coolin' with my brethren
Sometimes I get wet
But it's better than risking life and limb to me, don't you agree?
Chorus 4x
[Aesop Rock] *repeat to fade*
If you wanna push, than I'm ready to push
But if you pulling while I'm pushing
Then why did you ask me to push?
Who's that walking with a whole in his head?
Big bad Bazooka Tooth, I came to break bread.
What's a troop's recipe for treacherous times?
I tell 'em fast cars, danger, fire and knives.
Fast cars, danger, fire and knives...
I got her majesty Athena riding shotty wide-eyed
I pull the elephant tranq out of my neck, gaffle a tank, count up the chips, wrestle the fangs off of my fist, flood a little soldier blood over the ogre acres on some holiday in Cambodia with moter home appraisers. Pagans fade into the kodochrome now, later with a lid to brow staple revist the cobra landing zone. Molar foaming but he hold his own wound coderized by the Zippo he had stole that afternoon. And my dog tags jingle by the moster island heart he built. Grew up with a Jughead crown tild and tardy slip. Be all you can be just never soothed us. You lost me in that part about scrubbing piss with a toothbrush. Holler scum's lullaby. Live from the ultra-fly sham city bunker where the coldest cults multiply alarmingly. Hush little baby, timeout. The black market mockingbirds can not sing a lick but lean to peck your eyes out of commission with love, out a tradition of wraiths pick on the visions that buzz, bet on the kitten's escape, solder the piston to pump out a veteran amplifier. And magnify through the samelens that set the ants on fire. Flush the muppet hootenanny. Who could fancy honor circuit when the circle's every duke is clammy? Trooper, scoop the food in pantry. Anti up, stupid. May delusion feed 'em foofi candy and pry the gold out of his when lamping. Pocket all you can now. Block will lead the lambs down to the cold cutlery outfit. Slaughter beef and cow tip. Pour the chief somefountain soda, motor prone to pen the holy opus and pry this monkey off the scoliosis.
Who's that walking with a whole in his head?
Big bad Bazooka Tooth, I came to break bread.
What's a troop's recipe for treacherous times?
I tell 'em fast cars, danger, fire and knives.
Fast cars, danger, fire and knives...
I got her majesty Athena riding shotty wide-eyed
Never mind the bullocks. Like every other week these hipster tabloids jumping on and off my sex pistol's bullets. Like every other week he spins the bottle. Like every other week these fucking fanzines forget if they spit or swallow. Too bad your inner sheep never forgets to follow, 'cause my inner greed to feed your hate for loving us is hostile. Fortunate for me it coincides with what comes natural, so the mongrels that I run with turn the 'fuck you's into fast food. Like a little freak sick of the 3 o'clock bully knuckle dust, nursing his last shiner, finds the shoebox in his smother's truck. Tomorrow's extra curricular punching bag will finger daddy's widow maker out a brown lunch bag. This is where the hunch back snake oil peddlers stuck under the burgundy sky of spaghetti westerns tend to bubble up. Weathermen huddle up. Today the son of one too many 'yes sir's kings his checkers, watch the double jump. Back with a platter of hot leeches that'll drink up-every bloody drop down to the last diseases, it's A-E-S-O-P-are-O-see-K, the peak twister. Defender of the son of Vaughn Bode's Cheech Wizard. I used to pray the treatments got easier with my aging like serotonin weekends were merely comedic hazing. Wrong, but along his travels located the key to world peace: kill every motherfucker but me. You cool with that? Cool. Bang. You? Cool. Hang. You? No? Uh... bang? Cool. Sorry, dog, rules is rules. And too long have I followed yours. I'm trying to get them years back, and walk through every cipher with dynamite in a beer hat.
(Chill with that ill behavior) - KRS sample
Pull the pin out, sheep creep in wolf garb
Fronted by the Hail Mary parry lunge mixer
Kill the populace for stability, jeopardy's a stickler
Its bob and weave amalgam played the falcon to your fixture
I branch out, arms flailing backwards
wailin upon a tidy sound circuit
slightly foul Gershwin
with a bed of nails and drumlust plus disgusted service
workin in shifts opposite the asbestos brain furnace
I be the now observatory eye ear antenna feeler
Spittin like a dragon with a similar demeanor
stood innocent bystand witness the diehard fans turn Rip Van
in the poppy fields of N.Y.'s orchestrated brick gauntlet
Now I'm thinkin who am I Jabberwocky Superfly bent left
Pushin war without the ten step cushion and what (what)
I plan to hold this beat positive sacred in these golde veins
Until the day I die from grimace overload
It's shock (it's shock)
treatment offered by the weekend
this still be a getaway, let's display the sequence it goes:
One for the heartless thievery turning my guardian angel harpless
And the rest to sweep the mess under the carpet (under the carpet)
I drag a yellow taxi meter behind every measure
And charge cats for labeling me shepherd
That'll be Six Fifty plus tip darlin,
I take cash, credit, check, money-order, gold and cigarette cartons
Huh, got caught up in the universe tryin to zoom in on stardom
Forgot the passion plus the hatred, both were based in Carbon
Next time you want to be a hero try saving somethin other than hip-hop
And maybe hip-hop'll save you from the pit-stop
Kill em all, yield
(naw man It wasn't me it was Holden Caulfield brother
I just read and pulled the trigger)
Oh God, well leave me to tiptoe past the pearly gates
capture the halo, jet back to base, step past the chase
the bad taste of jet-lag and weight slackers
There ain't nothin broken, where you at?
The pistons pump perfect, where you at?
The bass tone is Merlin, where you at?
This service is a urgent workin surgeons
Purging formulas lookin for an improper cause is whack
(Chorus 2x)
What are you saving, honestly? (honestly, honestly)
What are you saving, honestly? (honestly, no honestly)
What are you saving, honestly? (damn)
Promise me you gon shut the fuck up and recognize
What you holdin ain't really broken?
I don't flick neeedles like my sick friend (friend)
I don't march like Beetle Bailey through a quick trend (trend)
I don't frequent church's steeples on my weekend (end)
And I don't comment if you formulate a weak Zen.
All I ever really wanted was a getaway
I'ma take a chance by letting a brook slide for what I got in my hands
I can not agree to follow a leader while on the borderline
A war without a reason for the Brady hates gore
Bring out your dead we can put em in a pile
And burn em with the novels for the kids then to admire
KIll the ones that speak from a different life
Brewin other killer noise makin the sentiment...
Okay, welcome to the Kamikaze bottle rocket cockpit
Live by the icy cold hand of bad intention youth blender
Oh yeah I'll let God warm the bench for now but
I'll ascend to spin y'all dizzy
(and for the record I'm bringin my t.v. with me)
Yo, let the commoners speak publicly
Then disperse eye jammies for cats that swear by third pupil
But can't see past the loophole
Motherfucker, my word is born like Siamese triplets
With doctor, lawyer, rocket scientist promise
(let em grow leisurely)
Hey Mom, I'ma fix without my probe along this path
Once my shpeel's perfected I'ma save you a seat in the front row
Of Aesop Rock's twelve steps to shut the fuck up seminar
And when all these bickering crowds turn solid you gon be proud
I tack hacks to the (backboard)
Honesty's a (latchcord)
Fury's far from (obsolete)
Serenity's a (crack war)
Raw caricature of mayhem standard branded by the labor
With a thousand reasons to end this for every one of you saviors
Saw the brightest burst ironically wide from the vacant stage
Gave it a pound for burning where bunk ratio's engaged
Keep me posted as to when you grasp something mature to
sit and sulk about mister, and I'll consider pickin up your record
(Chorus 2x)
The Authors, they ain't got nothin to save
The Overground, man they ain't got nothin to save
Def Jux, they ain't got nothin to save
The Addams Family, they ain't got nothin to save
Weightless, they ain't got nothin to save
Stronghold man, they ain't got nothin to save
Rhymesayers baby, they ain't got nothin to save
Aesop Rock, I ain't got nothin to save
it's llike that
I was sitting on my fire escape and I saw...
sturdy bridges, decorated with dirty pigeons
a vagabond begging for three pennies and a princess
a junkie tourniquet surgeon urging the needle in
a batty senior citizen flashing that awful teethless grin
I saw a corner store merchant rest on a milk crate with a stog'
a pierced nose, a model with a stalker, cheap hooker, jay walkers
a table on a sidewalk with four old men slappin' dominos down
a city, a village, a neighborhood, a ghost town
I saw vandals catching tags and Puerto Rican flags
I saw a pregnant woman on the verge of bursting (boom)
I saw a blind man with a dog screaming "someday I'll see it all"
and then he sat down with his hammer and saw
business men with multi-colored ties, cashmere checks
a nazi with tattoos on his neck, a Vietnam war vet
a Caucasian man with a limp and a cane, a pimp with his names
a thug circus, a pack of shook tourists hugging their purses
I saw freaks with rainbow streaks in dayglo hair
a mother smackin' the grin off her child, replaced it with a stare
a pothole, a storefront with a broken open sign
a hole in the wall bar kicking drunks to the gutter, it's closing time
I see a fuck up, a bum knuckle up with a taxi driver
a squatter, a grandfather, an angry right-to-lifer
I can see the roof garden on the apartment across the street
and kick myself because somewhere along the way I lost my seeds
I see a rat, a roach, a bat approach, a happy student
a black man with a horn and a will to make you sit and listen to it
I see a little girl on the corner with bubbles, braids and barrettes
I see a teen mother with similak pacifier and regrets
oh, a day turned stale, a hammer with a rusty nail, a failed marriage
a universe of brick buildings slightly off balance
a challenge, I see a chance to add real colors to my favorite palette
raise my mighty mallet towards the gods and swing my talons
I see a crack in the sidewalk
a slide show of six civilians gripping bottles of gideon
sitting inside bent meridian
there's a fun house ooh, a sun spout
spraying yellow beams above yellow back dreams
and children in the hydrants
tyrants(?), I see sirens
the wall to the glamor standard
a dead bird, a bent curb
a bus stop of commuters waiting to have their souls towed off to work
I seen the slap dash habits of bike messengers paws
and hug that good leaf on the way to damaged packages, dependence
oh my lord, I see bandwagons, all aboard
a carnival amusement park where a heart is a luxury
I see a gas galaxy huddled behind those pearly doors
maybe I should sit up on my fire escape a little more
New York (indistinct)
Stanton Isle, up state, Tri state
{Just for my people} x 4
{Get down}
I cut the ropes (breath)
Fresh cut as a pigeon blooded smoke
Load bazooka
Stoke the cobra coats over a broken hookah
Got rabble pants with psycho dance and cook because the wattage
Electric yoke N.Y. there's guna be movie sluts in gospels
Finish the bodega rode in moment composure to echo
Nammen uncommon
Doubt monkey polish
My 23's lean over a cobra motor milligram bender
Book novelty
A tip lives prior to clipin the camaraderie
Check the muck out
When metal maggot's borough in Promised Land vein division I tug my friend down to my astigmatism
Low Bro
Packs and rows, Max a golden butcher
Last catapult standin in a land of coke and hookers
King cotton common, no problem for brick shawl lows, sock puppets and sitcoms describe long pages bread in a hotbox wigwam
Debra tone hit the dish where the teens demonstrate ease in the hot days when she purchase the foundations of the last remix of ???? service
Me oh I checked into the murals to see sub numinous fucker and um respect
Find out what it means to me New York
Walk knots with electric ninjas who bark bounce with punked out whip
Like my company Delorean's the shit
Skipper's out of happy pills again, he's in the neighbors garbage (ah Skippy)
He's making paper dolls decorated with targets (don't do it)
He's labeling the dolls with the names of shitty rap artist (no)
Then tearing out the still beating heart from the loose-leaf carpets
I ordered a hovercraft off the back page of an RC comic
Built it in three days and thought about starky comics
My gills call the east river rock bottom home in three eyed guppies and sea horses mutations
See New York as ancient Rome, basic
Basically stoned, faith is
My friend jumped of the empire state building while I hung 10th grade head cases
(suck ???? fame is)
Some of them lost the base hit
While they all read brims in the metal die cast Voltron cadence, what
N.Y. electric, cannibal, burners, pigs, magnums, crack, bag baby, roach bait
Pristine kicks spread in the iris of the needle (Just for my people)
I'm a thread the needle (just for my people) 4x
here we go
Da da da, da da da, da da da, da da da 2x
Beaker 1-9-9-11-0-1 witness, maybe you don't get this
(let's go)
kill 'em all slow
I was on a serious tree bender with my hands up but as she raised wall's show
Never circuit bacon don't police me anymore
You're a trained professional ??? 41 shots over par
Least common denominator
Raise truth like Charlie within a grants raise roofs in a glass wankavator
Monster maker
Operate wild by the company of the turnstones and thinner
Talk his way out of a sunburn and be home in time for dinner
Paid dues since the door two days of bad acid and Quaaludes
While a boom box talks trash to the Richter
Sulkin awkward
With a zip lock on a pill hole
Bitter fucker
Nothing is free
I'll spend my last dollar on me
Put one up for my family - should have made time to thank them
Put one up for my crew - for recognizing the sanctum
Put one up for the socially broke choke stoke me
New York pissed hits bleed Dolby homie
N.Y. electric, cannibal, burners, pigs, magnums, crack, bag baby, roach bait
Pristine kicks spread in the iris of the needle (Just for my people)
I'm a thread the needle (just for my people) 4x
Here we go again
Da da da, da da da, da da da, da da da 2x
It go: beaker 1-9-9-11-0-1 witness, maybe you don't get this
Bitch
I didn't expect it dog
Yes people
NY Electric
Welcome to NY Electra
Where buildings fall and hopes crash
Yeah, I'm vast air from can nox
Peace to Adam's fam
Juggernauts, strong hold
That's my mother fuckin word
You've been all over the world
You've hunted just about every kind of game
You've stalked elephant, lions, tigers, polar bears, dear
You've been within 15, 20 yards the most deadly game in the world
You've been everywhere
You've been with some of the most famous guides and hunters in the world
What's the biggest thrill you've ever had out of all of that?
Well I think I can answer that best by calling attention to the
Bazooka Tooth Be-atch
I say bazooka tooth right?
Bazooka tooth bitch
Verse One:
I saw the rod-eye cross and murder circle above my turret
Slither spiraling banister down a hide
My ruby glass glazed specs staple to trade the market thieves
Where vendors cop the stolen citrus out they pyramids
Merry without a slapstick mavericks plugged directly to 3rd rail surges
Piss on electric mayhem through city commuter circuits
Oooh child, raises oddity, son of a circus side show freak
Pertinent to the slide show, the wino's leak but I won't speak
Infected projection hung thicken the air
Punching is burning plastics upon whiffing the nasal cringes
Pucker another 60-second lapse while 60 stars collapse the suckers
And I'm reborn every time the wine metamorphs back to water, my god
Sweet Christ crucify me with rail road spikes
Use my skull to bash them all in, gather sit and grin, weave
All fair the most serene communication's pageant
Where sitting with a stranger and living awards the badges
I spell Marry with my name stitched on my heritage
Incinerate arrogant simpletons to feed my cherished wind
Buried in leagues a please, thank you, pardon, excuse me
Your welcome, may I? ohh, I'd like to nod but no you may not
Let's take a deep breath, naw let's take a breath
Naw let's take, naw let's aaah shit, well I guess that about says it
Maybe I'll craft the sycamore canoe and paddle upstream
Where the luck seems to reflect precious lovely interventions
Chorus:
I have died a thousand deaths, and I apologize for you and yours
For kicking your fantasies overboard
I mean I'm only one servant, ayo one hell of a diversion
And if the masses have agreed to split the sea then let it bleed
I have died a thousand deaths, and I apologize for them and theirs
For breaking down their ropes, ladders and stairs
I mean I'm only one servant, ayo one hell of a diversion
And if the masses have agreed to split the sea then let it bleed
Verse Two:
You ever died a thousand deaths? I have
And in the morrow stood a thousand steps from where my nourish laughed
And made a boat at, nomad, I roam in a social coma
Jones and behome alone days sink how my poems I
Dig in the dirt I bring up the earth like pulley systems
Thereby painting the perfect metaphor for hung juries
Strung along a song of spawning thorns of fury
Numb the anti-add-alarm before he recognized this worries me
Carpet by my spearheading fink-eye beretta
Walk my line, now what? Now strut that little poison combine
Y'all call natural, in honesty promise me twenty thousand salami links
And dive and finding my thriving ivy leaves climbing up the pit fall
Lack of most lords aboard, heroes unsung heroes unbrung rewards
Yo if I flutter in a trouble clutch then I dance fancy forward
Like park children double dutching ropes in burning city summers
My wing span can and will employ full expansion
Unfolding while lamping at home with my hands spanning for gold
Told them the roof was on fire, when that structure burned to ashes
All y'all saw was Aesop Rock holding an empty book of matches
Maybe I'll sit until the spilling motors clear
Maybe I'll sit and stroke my billie goat beard
And rethink the time angels appear, maybe I won't
Bundled in my humble little plummet
Numb enough to die those thousand deaths under the sun it makes me sick
Chorus:
I have died a thousand deaths, and I apologize for you and yours
For kicking your fantasies overboard
I mean I'm only one servant, ayo one hell of a diversion
And if the masses have agreed to split the sea then let it bleed
I have died a thousand deaths, and I apologize for them and theirs
For breaking down their ropes, ladders and stairs
I mean I'm only one servant, ayo one hell of a diversion
And if the masses have agreed to split the sea then let it bleed
I have died a thousand deaths, and I apologize for you and yours
For kicking your fantasies overboard
I mean I'm only one servant, ayo one hell of a diversion
And if the masses have agreed to split the sea then let it bleed
I have died a thousand deaths, and I apologize for them and theirs
For breaking down their ropes, ladders and stairs
I mean I'm only one servant, ayo one hell of a diversion
And if the masses have agreed to split the sea then let it bleed
Verse One:
The harvest appeared less plentiful than last season
I imagine sloppy seed handling avoke the stroke of tardy planting
And the crops we'd have harnessed in mid November
It only brushed the blossom bracket then soon sacrificed
Lives to icicle jackets when the frosted
I sunk to find the walk beneath the mosses
Where the planted tunnel pass after the rains have run their courses
But alas the portraits of these frosted corpses tortured in the grass
Off of distorts or pour the one tall glass and nauseous
And I'm asking you, why's this spy supply hiding in strangers
When they know atop the food chains I could spot biters for acres
Now be gracious, these minstools turn a bully's psycho civil
By dissolving the candy coated image down to the pixels
Yelp bringing the self-stop freedom brigade investors
And the studies connecting one hit wonders with dust collectors
Puts it down, and it's down beneath your sappy sing alongs
So stick it further down where the daunted decide which ring I'm on
Nova yell just took positions and advance march
Parts playing a scheme parking the rain in my canteen now I'm like
Point I guess I could spare a splash for a couple of heads
Counterpoint during my famine I never got broke your bread
Well equation of intrigue, yes, yes, let me fed sit for a bit
These 'tensils need soaking before I hand out token
"Shut the fuck up" drama like Kabuki with a heart of dirt
Skull fucked cross bones hence my birth it hurts
Chorus:
Must not sleep must warn others
Trust blocks creep where the dust storm hovers
I milk my habitat for almost everything I want
Sometimes I take it all and still can't feel this pitfall in my gut
And I'm like must not sleep must warn others
Trust blocks creep where the dust storm hovers
I'm trying to walk on top of sunshine
But it's ridiculous at times that's why I tore 'em with this warning
Verse Two:
Wanting the glory of our advance fire ants to water beetles
Free masons adjacent debasing on pins and needles
Pupil turned pedagogue benedicts into my dream
Beam in a billion bottle rockets off the golden mezzanine
I pluck the pedals off a classic blood rose one at a time
Gripping the stem and right invite the thorns to dig up in my lifeline
A metaphor for nighttime, ante up the slight cost of exhaustion
To salute the moon of our paradise lost and you're a spectator
Stringent, inch by sacred inch shoveling colon in my earthworm soul
Borough up through the dirt with bloody digit lick my knuckles clean
Noting the corporate clusters holding hands round the abode of the dam
And what's your poison? Starlight and amaze her with a nicotine chaser
Sip it clean savor the taste then sit and dream later
The ollage pay their back upon they hinges twenty miles
Across the glassy eye window of one less to passes by
Now I'm six foot four with a sick flow walk up just to recline
With no free time, the alarm storms at nine
My daytime's on some, yes sir, okay sir, right away sir
Sir do you mind if I breathe sir oh you do? Well excuse me sir fuck you
I breathe slow, I'm running with these fantastic amalgams
Painting casket bound careers to pierce gunning with classic albums
Security's the javelin, catch it; labor
Clocked in at seven six and haven't clocked out ever since
Chorus:
Must not sleep must warn others
Trust blocks creep where the dust storm hovers
I milk my habitat for almost everything I want
Sometimes I take it all and still can't feel this pitfall in my gut
And I'm like must not sleep must warn others
Trust blocks creep where the dust storm hovers
I'm trying to walk on top of sunshine
But it's ridiculous at times that's why I tore 'em with this warning
Jiggy-jabberjaw vitamin idol and primal rages
When Bible page verse tidal waves has begun (Water one)
I wrote the book that shook America to splinters
In a winter wasteland
Icicle-bound barren township
Call barren moon childs and proud gimps to clinch this chemical war pig
Delinquent sinkin' like a paper tugboat
Well beneath your holiday
Beached on a red tide infested shore corroding eastern seaboard beauty
I'm a jigsaw slab, but all the pig saw was dirt bag
It's like a bleeding comet bombing on your sequels
To the riverside park tunnel people claim last life form standing
Carbon based pardons ain't enough
My stilts truly personify the serbonite flea circus
We urchins merkin' on daily
I catapult brain opera past basic
Tear my own face off in the finale, stick around it's ill
Diabolic Prodigal Son spill grimmace
If you had one more eye, you'd be a Cyclops
Which explains missing the premise
Bliss mimic, baptise, chastise, laugh die
Kiss the finish, piss the villagers the fuck off
Pete Piper picked peppers, and Run rocked rhymes
Aes Rock might've smoked one too many dimes in his time
Now where you gonna be when the sun falls, brother
Probably gathering your sheep with all these other mothafuckers
Struck twice in the same place by a moody Zues fishliner
Smackin the third clear out the park
Going gone (To infinity and beyond!)
I rocked for a flock of Chewbacca look-alikes in magic makers
Hermit crabs and New York city sewer alligators
Keep your homily dream out your homily
I deal with tangible goods
And avoid manufacturing food for landfills
I've seen friends bow to needles
I've seen needles bow to records
I've seen boughs break
I've seen God bow and make the clouds shake
I've seen the proud break
I've seen a lot for a blind soldier
Who tattooed the city scape up skin to blend in
Rats travel by night invite the waterbugs
I'm here to pull the three-prong
When it's prime directive wormhole of self-sacrifice
Had a hatchet slice for camps
For that God-awful Frankenstein
Starving your style to someday be a story in my ?
Life's hard, life's easy
Life's everything in between
Life's Peachy like James and the Giant
And I keep spittin' as long as these kittens buy it
And I keep casting my line as long as these officials bite it
And I like it (Don't try it like that)
Ban away temper tantrum, decrepit anthem
Set a low go, I arrived late
I'm here to scrape a car clean to the funk machine
Imposes on the underling amalgam cluster and identifies the mother
(You got heart)
I hate to tell you but it skips more than it palpitates
Like these here drunken little archers missed one of they calculate
The falcon hates the mockingbird
The farmer hates the drought
I hate em all, I kick the bottom brick out shouting "Yes y'all"
And blow the village out perspective (Aesop!)
Do you take this makeshift-Candy Land-cold classic-bastard style
To be your lawfully wedded head trip
Doing base throughout sickness, health, electrical storm
Fire, pain, rain, hail, wind, ice, sleet, snow? (Hell no!)
I'm balanced, personified phantom to the bone
Walkin like a Jabberwocky
Scalpin' a pair of one-way tickets to shadowboxing
Christmas with a shallow stocking
Like this (I'm just trying to milk the mileage)
You drop science like Don Herbert with liquor in him
Soundin' off like senior citizens sitting at bingo parlor bickering
Yeah it's kinda funny, isn't it
How I can build while you just sit there and bitch about your syllabus
Dwarfed by the lights, bewildered by the fanbase
Bound by an idea, skeptical of the handshakes
Well they were selfish with the helmets on the little bus 'til break fluid sewage crippled up the get retarded nickle punks. Slowly cope, but swore his lowly robot foley folk would one day rise in sections to interrogate the Holy Ghost. Holy smokes, father, black suit, white collar, kiddy porn dungeon, guns and 3 fingers for your daughters caught belly up. Antique Nazi paraphernalia. You cannot pay your bills with holy water and Hail Mary luck. Shucks, fucker, enjoy the Alcatraz shower fun and Mommy's mad I'm cliche generation X agnostic fron. It ain't the nifty faith of 1958 before the new new testament approved altar boy fisting rape and take me to your leader, long as he don't manipulate toddler beaver .Call me crazy but I'd bet that wasn't God's demeanor. Sodometere peaking. But Long Island was Jesus every weekend, spoon-fed to appease traditional upbringing of a middle Pennsylvania shit hole where elder's movement stressed a stellar therapeutic bible cycle. One church with a bait and tackle store next door and not much more. So the two moved to New York, made babies raised on what they'd saw. Christmas morning smelled fresher than angel pussy, but Immaculate Conception came second to playful goodies. Like Laser Tag as way more spiritual than blood and body wafer bags and manger staff as long as Santa ate the cookies. Grandma was a saint while he'd paint with snakes and bullies, said "If only you'd memorize your prayers like you did your cool G." See by the time I's old enough to know what religion was, I's Catholicism numb and truly didn't give a fuck. '94 moved out the crib and ain't seen a steple since, while Knievel evil seeps in the Christian leaders pitch. 'Til priest lap slapped with parental advisory warnings, I'll be auditioning gods in my office on Monday morning.
Uh-oh, and yet another pill slip down the hatch. It patch him through the kill switch. I need a couple A's for Q's. I'm not an asshole, I'm just a little confused.
Just a little bruised in the back of the pews, acting amused with a mask on them Vatican blues, for in the eyes of the organization I was raised in, Aes is just another sinning brick in hell's basement. Cubicle adjacent to the killers and rapists. For what? Drugs and fucking part of growing up. Like cuffs over dumb shit is better than the schools. I'm not an asshole, I'm just a little confused. Just a lit fuse in the back of the pews watching a thousand flavors of the same God feud. I figure ultimate peace is the common theme, so it's a no-brainer peace when the blood hit the screen. I got a basic good and evil sensibility born. Good neighbor know a halo wouldn't fit over horns. I'm more science than faith, I'm more karma than bread and booze. I'm not an asshole, I'm just a little confused.
[Aesop Rock]
Zoom in to the fuming of an aggravated breed
Via the study of post-adolesent agitated seeds
Half the patients wasted self pride at Commencement
So I focus on the urban Oxygen samples, the hot that made it breathe
They sold Pompeii impression, waste infections
And twelve steps to lesson
Cretins swiftly tippy toe on hard to swallow, barter concepts
The give-it get-it, never let it self pass the word, eyeing stubbornness
Martyrs talks money causes in a harvesting Spartacus
And someone, I've thrown long Hail Mary bombs
Toward cookie-cutter Mother Natures bedazzled synthetic fabrics
Life treats the peasants like
They tried to fuck his woman while he slept inside
Well they're merely chasing perfectionist emblems
When the clock strikes nine
I'll be waking with the best of routine caffiene team players
For the cycle of it
Under a dusted angel heartstring Big Brother is watching
My odometer like buzzard to fallen elk, talking stealth
We got babies, rubber stamps, and briefcase parts
We on some door-to-door now
Order ten dollars or more, we'll shove it down your throat for free
I'll sacrifice my inborn tendencies
For copper pennies for one commanding "Gimme that"
So we can retain baby fat
Make the biter snake bedlam
Holocaust freak, heckle shiesty brain headroom shaped planet
Make a move, pause, make a move break cannon
Bent barrel one eight zero, you'll turn, squeeze, ending
It's on like it's never been
It's bleeding well
It's bigger than a breadbox
It can roast my leaky finance
I'll take my seat atop the Brooklyn Bridge
With a Coke and a bag of chips
To watch a thousand lemmings plummet just because
The first one slipped
Sometimes I laugh at victory, kissing these little question marks
I tend to underestimate my average
Just another bastard savage
Someday you'll all eat out of my cold hand
'cause every dog has its day
At which point, I'll pull it away
Now we the American working population
Hate the fact that eight hours a day
Is wasted on chasing the dream of someone that isn't us
And we may not hate our jobs
But we hate jobs in general
That don't have to do with fighting our own causes
We the American working population
Hate the nine-to-five day-in day-out
When we'd rather be supporting ourselves
By being paid to perfect the pasttimes
That we have harbored based solely on the fact
That it makes us smile if it sounds dope
[Aesop Rock]
It's the year of the silkworm
Everything I built burned yesterday
Let's display the purpose that these stilts serve
Elevate the spreading of the silk germ
Trying to weave a web but all that I believe in is dead
Nah brother, it's the year of the jackal
Saddle up on high horse
My torch forced Polaris embarrassed
Shackle up the hassle by the dooming legend marriage
I bought some new sneakers
I just hope my legacy matches
It's the year of the landshark
Dry as sand, parched, damn get these men some water
They're out there being slaughtered
In meaningless wars so you don't have to bother
And can sit and soak the idiotbox trying to fuck their daughters
Man it's the year of the Orphan
Seated adjacent to the firefly circling the torches on your porches
Trying to guard the fortress of a king they've never seen or met
But all are trained to murder at the first sign of a threat
Maybe it's the year of the waterbug
Cockroach utter thug specimen
Your response, dreaming of your next of kin
I'm still dealing with this mess I'm in
I've been the object of your ridicule
You've been a bitch lieutenant
God it's the year of the underpaid employee
Spitting forty plus a week
And trying to rape earth on my off time
You bought dizzy, I can't keep myself busy enough
So you can run run run
And I'ma let you think you won
EVERYBODY!
We the American working population
Hate the fact that eight hours a day
Is wasted on chasing the dream of someone that isn't us
And we may not hate our jobs
But we hate jobs in general
That don't have to do with fighting our own causes
We the American working population
Hate the nine to five day-in day-out
But we'd rather be supporting ourselves
By being paid to perfect the pasttimes
That we have harbored based solely on the fact
That it makes us smile if it sounds dope
You ain't shit man
Your story's a joke
You should package it with a last smoke and six feet of rope
Stay awake little misfit,
Her lips wet a very particular mischief,
Sis' wiggle an index if your limbs let,
Or settle for a warm burgundy bubble out of her beak instead,
Hey,
Tequila to free the worm,
Had his liver scuba suit up on the sabbath. his personal pale rabbit,
At the hole's end her delicate mitten tipped,
For sticking pissy liquor in him every day at 6,
Silly, predictability is a bitch,
Fully, pattern had her awkwardly christening the small talk chalk board,
She said "this is less of a 'fixer-upper' than my last bar".
Funny, you're less of a 'fixer-upper' than my last whore.
Crass is similak to the milky wit of todays youths, both chuckle out.
Next couple on the house,
Next couple on the couch, swapping social coma rants,
Phobias and soldier doubts,
Jokes and corporate mogul bans,
Motor-mouths,
The key to open his closure:
Pussy plus yay she hid is a broken toaster, and later wake neighbors over chemical flavor to fuck sickly,
Tooth/nail beauty through the skin deep.
An object at rest, tends to remain at rest
And an object in motion, tends to remain in motion
With the same speed
(slow down)
With the same speed
(slow down)
With the same speed
(slow down)
And in the same direction
(slow down)
Now the dizziness is similar to whimsy with a pretty twist,
If pretty is a bidding war for meteors of iffy sniff,
And cigarettes and pills on the speaker silhouetted by the muted television and the rickety Venetians,
Between tweaks he sweeps at home depot and reads,
Mostly biblical but not cuz he believed, but found the lexicon of Jesus-heavy literature fly,
Feverishly sponged up the information high,
Fade into the cradle of his same deck train wreck,
She pet him with a mechanical tape deck play back,
Plus the depressing sum of the 2 combined pay checks,
Stung less when little Debbie d-cup put her legs back,
Drunk, put her on the business end of his favorite couplet from Corinthians,
Sunk into the comforts of a kid again,
Enough to share the stuff that truly interest him,
This is where the vision of a shiny happy Christmas end,
Tipsy little princess wasn't listening, just yes-ing him,
The more she fed him "yes", the more he fed her fresh barbiturates,
Assuming it was them against the world into oblivion,
But he was just a stupid simian that let her live with him
An object at rest, tends to remain at rest
And an object in motion, tends to remain in motion
With the same speed
(slow down)
With the same speed
(slow down)
With the same speed
(slow down)
And in the same direction
(slow down)
Pirouetting madly on a mirror full of baggies
In the valley of the irritable Aggie,
Any sincerity, miracles,or memory buried in the back-seat by the hazardous material was seriously gasping,
Here he is in action
Trying to patch up the attraction,
Figured he would win her back if he act in a common passion,
Penned a couple chapters about a sassy pair of magnets with a cottage on a hill and a picket fence and a marriage,
Never having gathered her rabid enthusiasm over language was fashioned around the aspirin his cabinets,
Asked her to read it expecting flattery after the fact,
This is an exact imitation of how she react:
"you ain't shit man, your story's a joke,
You should package it with a last smoke and 6 feet of rope",
And she know 5 chores, more coke and all fours,
Said "leave me on the floor and leave the dope by the door".
Bounced all shook up, she cook up aluminum,
Consuming every skull and crossbones in the room in under 2 minutes,
He fuming with a flipped lid,
Storm into the crib
And found her body on the tiles,
Like no she didn't.
Yes she did.
Stay awake little misfit
Her lips wet a very particular mischief
Sis' wiggle an index, if your limbs let
Or settle for a warm burgundy bubble out of her beak instead
An object at rest, tends to remain at rest
And an object in motion, tends to remain in motion
With the same speed
(slow down)
With the same speed
(slow down)
With the same speed
(slow down)
And in the same direction
(down) (about eight million similar ??)
APPLESEED (one, two)
yeah. yeah- i recall the
first time i bumped heads with my
head led to a dead bargain, a
"thanks for nothin, lowlife", and a
start of "beg my pardon, "when a
dust mite harbored spite it barely
dents the cicada phase, blades a-
verted. decorate the backs of
freedom fighters, servants pick those
steeples higher, man the loose can-
nons, "pennin for gold" "nah pennin for
chance to land in camps branded with
"push" stamped on their hand" lets
push. lets push up through the
now, lets evoke a vow of
zipped lips clipped to my peaking
brow (i'm sleeping now) i seen im-
maculate hearts blemished
under the mass of genie bottle
hostages who wish that a
third to her broken promises.
black spot of gotham, fragile
castle and master passageway.
even the innocent captives
bleed appleseed apple
seed, leave me with a breeding
hassle factor's feet. pin the
tail on the village idiot
turn giddy click stern greet a
burn it basics laid with the
modes of neurotic nitpicking
patrons and their pseudo potent
patronage ahh mood of the moment
gloated in splendor of its
greatness and i'm hella swamped
truly moody in my
days makeshift awakeness
act as if apathy's been your
best friend since the bonding i'll one
up you with love letters from de-
spondency, honestly appleseed.
We now present to you, music
Music to make you stutter
I've been a biplane dog fighter Henson invention
Trooper burst result of Dragon Ball Z/Speed Racer gene splicing
Mach force, blind the extorted style from the common dirty
Destiny dream sighting, important as split the prints
God shit the planet screaming "What on Earth is that?"
I sit back five dimensions
Only to muscle the overcooked specimen
Fending tragic fatality successful dodging violets
All hail Mary and hello dollies!
I flow ridiculous, indigenous to now
Who holds the fifth golden ticket?
Saw the wicked war phantom mansion beyond the pickets
The house next door to when the stick ball clears the fence
Y'all hesitate to fetch it!
I was walking through a pinball tilt built landscape
Pterodactyl circling turtle
I bite the bullet in a wingspan shadow
Suck and rust the oxygen gulps
And spit the metal directly back up the barrel
We ice grill the silhouettes (right)
The common decency factors a low ball estimate of zero
My testament is striking B-boy stances
Dancing past the foggy mirror
With wipes clean the billy goat beard, camouflage the spirit
I'm at six degrees of sexy sarcasm
Yeah never swam up inside summer jam classic
Under the bed backwards bastard
Scavenging the carnival grounds for an outlet
Who the fuck is Aes Rock?
I'm not a name to keep at arms length
Adjacent to little ? quilt makeshift
Sick security mechanism, check your mission
I am not a vision, check your mission
Just a simple sour patch delinquent
No it will not help you shove your Lincoln
[Chorus: x2]
I alone settle
I alone peddle in the mud
I alone, I condone rebel zone planting
I alone stand in a social coma
All up to your dome, follow I alone
Now you see me, now you don't
Well he was maverick enough but still scraped up
Taki One-Eighty-Three innovation for the kids
Brick foot iron lung honor
Escape through the night like a disgruntled teen Krylon bomber
Without a care inside from posting the roster
Mal-adjusted blank faced civilian dispersed feelings
Reeling in several separate defunct fame-booster modules
This nervous twitch mark the most delectable ingredient
See Aesop starving troops in cell blocks with strap-on feeding bins
(More like) Like I'd auction off a fuck for that blind cause you ride in
I'd rather find the floors and watch you hide them
Feel the haggered look penetrate brain castle
Blasting clear out the back of this batches sour wind collection
(Flash flooder!)
You're a fuckin' wind-up toy
A goddamn four string criminal trading card
The reason they decorate the fonts of closing credits
To boost on-looker amusement after fading hard
Catch more Z's than Rip Van Winkle's Twelve Step Narcolepsy Seminar
The action, we all compete the masked illusion
The common folk, I provoke em all
Challenge thirty balance
I alone pour talent while they fidget
If the revolution ain't gon' be televised
Then fuck, I'll probably miss it
[Chorus: x2]
[Aesop Rock]
Yo, change the fucking channel.
I burn a coma candle.
When the flame fades, consider my flat line a soldier sample.
We them cats talking noise behind that New York trash heap where the stench of commuter briefcase replaces a bad sleep.
And it's the work of zig-zaggers versus piggy badge flashers training generation fallout.
Waterfall, bricklayer, pincushion crawl out.
There's smoke in my iris, but I painted a sunny day on the insides of my eyelidsso I'm ready now.
(What you ready for?)
I'm ready for life in this city and my wings have grown almost enough to lift me.
I'm a dinosaur with Jones Beach in my hourglasspassing the time with serial killer coloring books and bags of marbles.
Don't tell me you ain't the droid that held the match to the charcoals.
Don't tell me Lucifer and God don't carpool.
(This is our school)
I'm not trying to graduate to life with a personalized barstool,
head in a jar on the desk, feet dangling in a shark pool.
(Man please) Man please
My name stands for my being and my being stands for the woman who stood and braved the storm to raise the seedling.
(Brother sun, sister moon, mother beautiful)
Yeah, middle sibling suitable but far from son of excellence.
Beckoneda long time ago I was, to where the wishers wish but missers miss, I slept through my appointment.
Saw the liquid dreams of a thousand babies solidifyand picked a rose.
It wilted the second I introduced myself as nervous.
Well, it appears the scars of learning have spoken.
Some are burning, some are frozen.
Some deserve tall tales, some wrote 'em.
Some are just a brutal reprecussion of devotion.
Mine are all of the above 'cause everything leads to erosion.
Now where I live there's a homeless man.
He sits upon a crate
Yeah, He makes a rusty trumpet sound like the music that angels make.
Now if you ever come and visit me, I suggest you watch the show
Tell him Aesop Rock sent ya just to hear his horn blow like this
*Horn samples*
[Aesop Rock]
And I ain't getting any younger.
My knuckles wear their bruises well.
I've yet to lose that hunger, but only time can tell.
Prodigal sun with a prodigal wish to sew that prodigal stitch and crucify bigot voodoo doll on two Popsicle sticks.
See, your name is ambiguity.
My name is something hands can't hold but hearts part ocean scapes just to watch the starlet unfold
It's like sketching a circle in the dirt with a pointed stick knowing the wind'll kill it some day, still it calms my burning wits for now.
And if I plow the fields, that don't guarantee plentiful harvest but starving artists die, so I set my alarm for five o'clock
Idols block survival crops, the cycle stops for nothing
The Bible squawks revival as winos flock by the hundreds to the opening.
Scarlet carpets greeting the duel, leading the stubborn mule to cruel rugburn but y'all numb from gut fuel.
I administer eclispe.
Ain't know motor like a martyr made motor 'cause a martyr made motor don't quit.
I am an epiphany.
I am webbed foot mammal channel surfing my way to the top.
Tugboat in a bottle with no holes poked in the nozzle
I fed 'em bedlam diluted in limelight till that rookie boogie graduated hostile.
Nowthe vehicle is grandeur and it veered over the median the second my halo ran outta helium.
Demoted to thorn crown.
Damn, talk about numbskull.
I was born bound to a stencil called symmetry but my energy's a rental.
So I take this now to say, thank you senorita for holding a flame to a lost wick.
Thank you James Anthony for the band-aids on my ego, y'all are family for life,I'll take that bullet to preserve you.
I wanna be something spectacular on the day the sun runs outta batteries.
Attach my fashion to the casualties of anarchy.
Save my nickels up to buy that homeless man a brand new horn, then sit up on his crate as a witness to beauty born like this...
(I ain't gettin any younger)
*Horn samples to end*
Electric charge comin' from the mainframe
I'm from where the phat beats stretch for mad blocks
My every little step set in a star,
Retina Scarred; tread in a sled of bedbugs got my dead head in a jar
Crazer camp stamp blank on the mug of settlers registered not protest nor approval regarding every morn futile.
My experience with spirit alignment interference assigns division from clearance to ample scrambling.
Let's note the magnificence in the difference.
OK see two canaries on the wire aspire to separate luulabies both of which had me drifting.
Every clan ghostly orphan scared stiff in the bliss and list picking from the arrangment under burden. Bust.
Wallow in will to split the privelage cluster; Lackluster as if a journey choice grew on the nearest chuckle path- dispatch trouble.
I've never seen the water so high in my poison life. Social conduct, 20 pace, about face, self destruct. I know the key locations, sharp enough to catch those subtle signs cause, well, this here alley cat's been around the block a couple of times.
Lifting every tin can, sifting every mess; one man's trash, you know the rest, live it.
Pitching a battered platform out of mass hysterics perished in the blizzard. When it's finished I plan to sit and observe the twister pivot.
Sleep and sleep well; sleep with a sacred array of fevers, wake as a pertinent version of a pipe dreamer.
Y'all can find me if you lookin for a friend- I'll be the only iron-clad oracle in a city of tin.
CHORUS:
I was born where crooked demeanor seemed to spawn merit; I was born where all the king's men couldn't mend a broken spirit; I was born where it don't matter if you stand, sit, or fall, to live and die as a brick brick brick brick brick in the wall. And I'm a brick brick brick brick brick in the wall, and I'm a brick brick brick brick brick in the wall. And I'm a brick in the wall, drop in the bucket, yes y'all.
(Electrocharge ?commute? from the mainframe)
(i'm from where the ?fat beats stretch for mad blocks?)
Spare a match for the most distorted orchid in the path.
Assorted orphans coursed in a morbid orbit forward the traps.
I make a tentative promise to flash frequent the most sacred abrasive based in allegiance to the makeshift mason's secrets.
Water basin leaking, plug it up.
The simple triple ring performance shoveled subtle imperfection.
I rung a life's worth of saturated costume gear over hell's balcony to nullify the drought and still the martyr farmers shout at me.
And so the epic went.
And every cirrus hung.
The bow breakers turned a cradle fatal, every spirit clung.
Croon for the slick Icarus brain children busy splitting the givingtree building fresh canoes for freaks to cross the spill in. i'm frantic.
My plan is dwindling with every pulse bump. Gods and monsters yield the lump sum of the dolt clump.
Be wary when the stratosphere tints.
I Scout like Atticus Finch, inching up slow in the games of reconnaissance.
Now cause to amend the Zen memorandum has surfaced in every holocaust citadel fix it plan.
12 easy steps to better picket line demeanor.
Gumshoe.
Stick stone conglomerate activate massive.
But the sky is falling. F-f-f-fuck you.
I've hired sweatshop labor to hold candles to the solar panels stitched in the back of my neck for nickels and sour milk by the week.
Cheek to the heartache.
At the center of my anthem lies a blend of temper tantrums substancial for me to lamp in.
3X
(Electrocharge ?commute? from the mainframe)
(i'm from where the ?fat beats stretch for mad blocks?)
CHORUS
(Electrocharge ?commute? from the mainframe)
(i'm from where the ?fat beats stretch for mad blocks?)
[Chopped and Screwed]
"We'll have more news after this commercial word"
(As so it goes..)
"At least I think I was here asleep...
Is it possible, conceivable that I sleepwalked out of my apartment
And went berserk?"
[Aesop Rock]
In slipped rhythm
Fed a cycle bound by dilemma-debting vendetta
Escaped briefly back to my apartment
Parked in front the fan
And reminisce about the day I ran a mile with your heart in my hand
'Tesants get the New York home game
With real life shoot-em-up action
Thug, vagrant, yuppie, and art
Free game piece all included
I told this cat the earth was flat
He walked till his beard grew long enough to strangle himself for being stupid
Brick-a-back novelty
Spliced with that sixth pack odyssey
Godspeed Tequila worm future, be concerned
My feelings spread across the land reporting avalanche sightings
While my introverted side is flying cadavers on kite strings
I'ma never give, I'm juiced off ejection
I'm stubborn as a thousand born agains avoiding questions
From the alpha to the sand
I bake the date up for my pledge
To 'bay the traitor in the twice-forgotten favors that he bled
Not a creature stirred, it reaks of subway metal
Feather lecture journalist chin on fish shenanigans
Recording mayhem with voices
Benefit to break room
Mummified manequins with future cleanse adamant
And skeleton in cabinet
This a Malcom circus, got a ring of fire
Just big enough to shove my purpose in a circle
I'm known to dip dusk in a broken city curfew
Release the hounds and see which one can tractor trail and serve you SUCKA!
I lay the law down upon its belly
With my foot dug in between the third and fourth disc
Yelling 'Break yourself!'
I'm the actualized data commission past penny tip jar donation
Been arranged, made by the farfetch from stability
Took a heart pledge early on
Bled onto the drum doser
Plow in the metronome, home
Lone caddy corner to cock-eyed sound booster
Sensation'll leave siesomgraph stabbin away on stone tablets
To sketch up out your future
I drifted out the main spelunking unit with watered down sand
But have canceled developed, courtesy America
Land of the free base
Home of the triplicate grill character
My sorta sideways tilt called pinball blinker
It citizens wander through ex-warrants steady bleed
With dilapadated winter jacket
I rock a crooked lid piece
A sweat a bit to make my Wookie ends meet
Pacifist willing to step into a friend's beef if needed
Wing clipper, I hierarch compassionate
Where they whine on some 'Daddy's gonna kill Ralphy' shit
Sucked the proverbial silver spoon to the parents quit apparently
Parasol spinnin casually like 'I'm an artist, please don't laugh at me'
Ok, time to buckle the fuck down
Side of the wobbly system back to original form, pumpkin
You can catch the memoir in several dimensions
The joy of life logic, don't employ the spite process
Hence, your plight botches
"I don't know what got into me
I didn't mean to cause all that destruction
I'm sorry...so sorry"
[Chorus] 4x
This be the big
F-L-A-S-H-F-L-O-O-D, Flashflood
"Possible" "Conceivable"
"Possible" "Conceivable"
"Possible" "Conceivable"
"Possible" "Conceivable"
"Possible" "Conceivable"
"Possible" "Conceivable"
"That I sleepwalked out of my apartment and went berzerk?"
Radio check check
Video check check
This is how the city-folk and mole-people connect-nect
Somebody warped the message, tried to pass it to the next next
Data-perforated counties making you upset-set
Harvest all Brand-X Clark Kents to worm food
Carbon heart, buried his nozzle in fossil marker art
Pardon, cadaver had a legitimate pulse
And littered volts all over the village where the skittish pigeons molt
Bastard polter-gasps when the pigeon with Lazarus billy-goat whiskers
He roasted sea-salt in the open blisters
But blind anarchy slips through the cracks
See naked martyrs with Bubblelicious on fishing rods itching to pull it back
With that organic invention incubated to have some ?? to make it through
?? on paper now, a lot of details later
And lot of crews will taper out
A wooly mayor souse, who ?? happy shooting at the bladed mouth
Bazooka Tooth zoo-keep the paper route with janky funds and favors
Cradled by twelve empty Zelda heart containers
Man, it's freezing in this brick bitch, winter forever
Like Punxatawny Phil found with his four furry wrists severed
I walk face-first through the sex, drugs, and church
With wild things that make Maurice Sendak question his early works
But no hostages, no promises
Out the clock corporate constant sprockets
Now clocked-off grommets
Running from a rabid ring-wraith click basilisk
Serpentine, in and out of traffic jam and murder scenes
Scrub blood of the AF-152, pick up first degrees
Some toddlers smuggled Tommy guns and crack into the nurseries
Dog, there's a fucking baby at the door asking for wallets (yeah?)
And those ain't twin Beanie Babies inside his pockets (nope!)
2010 sonograms showed the Magnum formed directly out the fetus
Evolution for the young killer convenience
Radio check check
Video check check
This is how the city-folk and mole-people connect-nect
Somebody warped the message, tried to pass it to the next next
Data-perforated counties making you upset-set
Magazine check check
Paper route check check
This is how the hermit and the busy bee connect-nect
Somebody's losing track of their flesh-and-bloods and arrests-rests
Polka-dotted landscapes, what did you expect-pect?
Now a-days, even the babies got guns
Diaper snipers having clock-tower fun
Misplace the bottle, might catch a bad one
Have a mid-life crisis when you're ten years young
If this Jesus piece around your neck is bigger than your pistol
It makes homicide okie-dokie and your god will forgive you
Just show the saints at Heaven's gate you should be on the list
"I heard he overlooks manslaughter for a tattooed crucifix"
Twisty, fishy, contradicty, wild animal ship fleet
Off the sliding board dock of the Mr. Turtle pool mom bought
Somewhere they laminate dry bones and cool water and ease medulla
After you thumb-suck and diaper-change get burped and shoot the school up
I'd do it too, but only to exploit no-brainers
Teenager beef passed alligator teeth and extra-curricular flagpole scrapping
Amongst tadpoles that have yellow backbones
De-mechanism brought airborne shrapnel scraps to hassle captains
By the itchy index of an umbilically-garped fraggle baby
Fragile maybe, you think?
Chopped shop and a mislead, maladjustee trustee locked box
Hiding clips that light the sky in seconds
like newly communal hop-scotch gives them leverage
Cut them with mortars while I mumble
in the immortal slang of mushmouth for the anti-led Nirvana
I used to think I'd get hit by a bus or something dumb and dumber
That or bust the slugs plugged by the newest kiddie thug wonder
Self-victim kings who rep a wide pride dosage
For tomorrow the holsters are bound to outnumber the roaches
I'm not a coach
But that won't even jolt the immobile
when global terrorism's all the rage and folk get smoked local
Block, if you need me (yeah?)
I had to bounce to DC (yeah?)
To bullet-proof mom's flower garden before the war cheats me (yeah?)
If I'm not back in a week tell the crew I said "peace" and lay low
Strays don't vacate slow
Radio check check
Video check check
This is how the city-folk and mole-people connect-nect
Somebody warped the message, tried to pass it to the next next
Data-perforated counties making you upset-set
Magazine check check
New flash check check
This is how the hermit and the busy bee connect-nect
Somebody's losing track of their flesh-and-bloods and arrests-rests
Polka-dotted landscapes, what did you expect-pect?
Now a-days, even the babies got guns
Diaper snipers having clock-tower fun
Misplace the bottle, might catch a bad one
Have a mid-life crisis when you're ten years young
Aboard the battleship grey sky
The day I got the phone call Jam Master Jay died
So now I'll probably never write another "Daylight"
Because the stingers ?? a ?? into the portable hay-rides
It adds it up when a pioneer fall, in comparison to your 99 bottle of beer wall
There's banana peels in your hamster wheels, hand cannons in your shoebox, please
Mine's got Adidas, rest in peace
I was a dark dumb student, no hokey rookie daytrippin on visions of chickens that looked like R Crumb drew em. They grew em in the royal dirt of Suffolk Countys flooring with the blood of an alcoholic clergyman in his forearms. Long Island was porn stars and puppies pushing sniffles, fit into the eighth dimension or slipped through the pin holes, ?zoop? slipped through the pin holes, ?crisped into god cinder?. Who thunk over a quarter plunked a local ?mortal con? vendor.
Who broke the verbal squad sensor? Root down, feelers out across the marsh before it was Awesome Car! I called in car cavalry cooked in an 85 Dodge Aries, gas for Huntington and back barely. Equipped with super soakers full of piss and an uncanny knack for constantly upsetting pigs by doing stupid shit. The kid ?bartered? his ring king dummies to King Cullen where they hollered Fuck the World from a parking lot of the suburbs. A couple spray cans and a little litter, but theyd look at us like swindlers with them Ricky Kasso jitters. So fuck em, a glutton sunk into the alley for props but things will still go bump when them halogens pop. Believe. Ill be there when it happens so shake another place off the mantel, snake another flames off the candle, lady of the lake off the answers, admitting their mistakes to their ?deplaning? cadavers. Now its rest in peace when Peters ?sinner heaters sung? disturbingly referred to reevaluate your beast of burdens urgency. Damn doggy, good times, thanks. I wrote your name in wet cement by the Brooklyn banks.
Chorus
?...Smack? for later. Made a fire, made a wheel, made a snack for later. Catacomb kids cuddle up and test the paper. When the town's speed freaks sleep, trap the traitor. He will ask for papers. ?See Im a nice invader?, made a roof, made a weapon, made a flag from paper by the snotty little nuzzle of a latchkey neighbor. When the ?pope does shaggy? over some dap from gators, he will catch the vapors.
Couple Playboy mudflaps and hell on his heels. Blew the plea echoed in a pace with your shovelers meals, like not a farmer among us had a harvest survive the winter. So dinner is split a lima bean in triplets. Pick a winner. We took a couple of summers puking pills behind the dumpster, it was the largest Pez dispenser on record recouped his numbers. One shoe in the soupy gutter, one shoe in the velvet heaven. When the mermaids haul em, shake em up the lake with a ?melted weapon secret?. Dance ?Prudey? with the rule of a nation, who will be patient, awaiting zookeeper facelift extra. The days of your pain and similar uber apeshit, we merely updated the ancient apage. Yeah, dumber than a gal on a roof in a flood, whos not as dumb as the watered down beef from the burgers that jumped. Im dumber than a Taz on a beach chair with a Martini, whos not as dumb as a tat with the same scenery. ?Walking female? pig stigmata for all good sport. Garbage Pail Kids unite at the mall food court. Chase cheese fries with binaca. They had shut the school down early, there were bombs inside the lockers. No concept of the problem, we responded like a snow day, it was clobber shit to flotsam but the cops said it was OK. OK so the squadrons back into their boxes like its breakfast club of hotheads show no progress to the doctors.
And I walk into the office, cough an awful ether often, flood a parking meter fever, knuckle up the love and rockets. It was reign of the razor laser, day of the cloudy howdy, flight of the shelter melter, you can bow without me.
Chorus
Knock em out the box, Aes.
[Aesop Rock]
Yo
I take 10 steps with a bed lamped vision
Study the disorders we've absorbed inside the village
I understand the plagues and shake hands with my grimace that remain up in
My face like top to bottom train car feelings
Lets question the ascension of a broken social icon in various domino affect
I'm blow this hex over the mission
Just to administer the indoor sucker punch to it's pitiful condition
[C-Rayz Walz]
With no alibi love is used as a guide by the civilized
Some see it as the body heat you feel when you close your eyes
That's so much of a lie, you can leave your hair dyed and scorch your roots
As the truth hits your ears begin to cry
'Why Is It Like This!' Why the fuck do I care?
I don't have the answers, or at least the ones you want to hear
City lights look like bright groups of fire flies
Many see the truth (the proof) only when the liar dies
Tires screech to a halt, the ground cries
Spit sparks speak to the streets
The skid marks are replies
Read discussions of what we rode through entrenched in the vocals]
The hopeless stay hopeful (the toxic fumes choke you)
As I walk out my door, step into the pollution
(I breathe in the problems) exhale solutions
Physically the situation's hard to stop
I had a wicked jump shot and sold crack rock on back blocks
Casualties in this apocalypse (street chronicle)
Abnormal abdominals (push-ups phenomenal)
Relaxin drinking my 6-pack maxing
Faxing my thoughts on the satellite, via Donahue (push it)
Table talk, salt and pepper conversation
Integrated sectors, metropolis and mecca
It's a conspiracy (you know), I can't lie dukes
Sometimes I feel the rats got a better deal than I do
[Chorus (Aesop Rock):]
It goes thieves, bandits, low lives, scum
Punks that buckle under the rumple of my drum
Steadily searching for something new under the sun
But its stagnant, act of development first of madness
Thieves, bandits, low lives, scum
Punks that buckle under the rumple of my drum
Steadily searching for something new under the sun
But its hurtin, act of development first diversion
[C-Rayz Walz]
A new universe in ancient, so I stay patient
In a gravel pit, travelin thoughts and ravelin, pacing
Embracing light of America, and found a shade of darkness (underground)
The train car used to be my apartment
Sick of people rushin in the doors before I get out
Conductors closing the doors before I get in, I shout
'The Biz is Coming, The Biz is Coming!'?
Don't get worried now (We've been in a cold world!)
We just getting flurries now?
[Aesop Rock]
Yeah, its like slow down,
You're movin much to fast to bust through the finale fashioned glass
Its delicate demeanor and I teach you how to hang
But we like 1970 something twenty clicks outside your name (tear obedience)
I apologize for the faulty academics
But they placed us in a miserable stasis
I let bygones be bygones
But tryin to see eye to eye with the face lift
Just ain't working the way the manual paints it
See I soak in a blue note factory
While most cats hassle bandits lamping solo
And when the last red brick topples over the earth
To intercept your crooked little mess
I can be found in a social coma directly to your left
Engaged in a conversation, a marvel with my breath
Regarding how to document the shady baby steps
I bounce checks like a modern
Sleep with one eye open while the other two drift
Together specimens from the promise land
This for the thinkers
This for the merchants allergic to they own stingers
This for the absurd verdict linkers
This for that cat at my shows that's always got prophetic opinions
But can't remember where his drink is
I'm wallowing, shrugging I'm plugging your corporation
'Cause we alley cats addicted to the sickly warped sensation
Answer this: when all that's said and done
Are you a memorable troop or just a lab rat on the run
Choose one
[Chorus]
[Aesop Rock]
I start my city with a brick (one brick)
Then add another brick (two bricks)
Brick by brick, I manufacture homes for fallen angels
I ain't no great Samaritan, that's just the way the game goes
Respect the polars but acknowlege middle-value rainbows
My snout turned up from dream factory eyelids
Slingin bottled prosperity for the kamikaze colonels
Yeah rocks the match that burned the Nazi journals
And plottin verticals amidst blatantlly horizontal
Models then swallowed by famished potholes
And I'm tired
Tied up on these functions
Killer cottoncandy clouds and huckleberry justice league
Another knuckle-dragger dungeon breed
Run, breathe, sit, bellow
Wild Aes scream through your style to hear the echo
Aight then, flinch for the great granddaddy payback
When Little Billy bought a Tugboat
Now he thinks he's Captain Ahab
Facist takes more than pegleg's birds and eyepatches
Learn that lesson, you'll be swashbuckling with the best of them
Wonder why you wept over spilled milk
And got your crayons wet, the room reaks of a thousand bayonettes
I'll fision vision with a lie longer than your most walked meridian
Connecting life with that little species of idiots
We've now officially scraped barrel bottom
Aesop Rock an Apple to the core but ya'll ignored him
I know a planet made of porcelain
And once I get tired of holding this gavel up
Ya'll prayer circles met him up born again
I ain't too good for tap water
Play "Taps" out of order
For a ballad, corpse a dead man walkin
You can lead a man to a city but that don't assure civility
You can beat a man to death with Aesop Rock bootleg cd's
(That's more fun anyway)
Some cats Float, some cats don't
I speak in Farenheit and burn off colon lyric
Diss blatant harassment, spit honor, whistle fearless
Don't dismiss the billygoat appearance for that common sheep
Chorus*Aesop overlapping Illogic, fading in and out of each other*
[Aesop Rock]
Platforms have been erected
Effigies built
Slogans coined, songs have been written
Rumors have been circulated
Autographs faked
The hourglass smashed and didn't leave me an escape
Moving boxes have been worn out
Mantlepieces dusted
Idols idolized, the sands have been shifted
Curtains have been closed
Sleepers all waked
The hourglass smashed and didn't leave me an escape
[Illogic] *overlapping Aesop, fading in and out*
Now with my trusty paperclip
I picked locks of thoughts vault
Finding the garden barren
The harvest fruitless
Only the Tree of Life flourishing
Wanting to take a bite but I'm toothless
Is that, predestination or is it by design?
That I'm trapped in time sand
Show radio mission control but for my rhymes
Man 'cause I can like aluminum
And I recycle my consciousness
This is just a note
For any action or lack thereof there's a consequence
[Illogic]
Wingless angels
Stroll a top shapeless cottonballs
With halos in your syringe
Celestial ground is found broken
Exposing a bottomless depth
Where heartless spines awake to devour
The small piece of your soul that's left
You're immersed in sound floating
Aimless destination
Drop anchor to gain stability
Stare out potions, restrain fertility
Pedestal talk is a token
Soaked in pockets where lives topics lack conceptual, ridicule
The night breathes but light's choking
Darkness occupies the throne
Where poems are persecuted
The purity at times dilluted
Rhymes are executed
For genre I'm told when has-beens attempt
To cause heat to rise and wonder why they're trapped in cold
Life's an oragmi box and I'm hidden within the fold
So when the yarn unravels, I won't be caught by surprise
And as society's fabric of orthodoxes dismantle
I'll see you embracing the pentagram within this crucifix disguise
See when the canvas stands before me
I'm compelled to spill a vision
For the sinners that listen, I got three spikes and a thorned crown
It seems I need a new soul 'cause mine is worn down
But from the pregance of my hardship was born style
Still my pen bleeds and stains the paper with thought
Finding me lost among statues of mainstream idols
Drowning in melted ice to reinforce that breath is vital
If your father and his father were fish out of water
You must break the cycle
How many times must a plant be uprooted for it to die?
When it's smothered with lies that abolish the potency of the sky
So when the stars burn out and God replaces the bulbs
With a million watts
And throws the switch, sparks filament
Hurting new giants and flocks
I stand on my own two aura illuminated in red
Showcasing the agony held within this welded spirit
Sacrificing itself for the health of a masocistic culture
Yearning for the truth that we speak but refuse to hear it
It goes welcome the pop off, some pop soft. We bang b-bang b-bang bang out loud. Ready on the left with a face full of death. We slanged out fang mouth bang out now.
This is a never dug disco, Zoo York tycoon, memorandum bonanza banter clamp crunk out the fish bowl. Gorgeous how struggling gills wriggle out water, ain't it? Same scape as the walls crawling with paranoia's plaintiffs. The robo-komodo promo Zen patience a-alike to this jittery drooling mess. Bitterly unruly on mud hugger alert, he usher dirt to the kick circus. Deflected labor ethic questions peeled at the field workers. Is it raw? Please... does a priest need a ten-foot pole to baptize little Linus minus the lap ride and tease? Evolution is a leader depleter, seeker needy sheep idol feeder beware, once complete you might not want to be there. Dead straw to gold bar spin fiber. Lost and fond in a smitten kitten's incisors. They Aphrodite all over the burgle of a purple heart compartment. Marched a burgundy carpet alarmed and far to parched to bark it. Lil' Abner. A real firecracker. Grows to throw 'bows with vehicular hijackers. To eavesdrop plots cops hired a wire tapper. That's a whipper snapper trapped beneath my grip on the fire ladder. Took drums over to deril' to once over the line tones. Punch toothy ticks 'til they find homes like three ruby clicks. The roof is on fire where snoopy sits right now. You should have shot yourself in the foot when it was in your mouth.
CHORUS
Thieves in the strobe deep freeze your pose. For the disease that grows underneath your toes holds up a reason y'alls gold never seems to glow. Now we can all breath slow once the fiend's exposed. It goes heave ho. You never got the grit right. Bark fame but you never put the grit down. Hawk styles but you never got the grit right. Put the grit down. Grit right. Get down.
This is a never dug disco defamation of dog and pony grappled out chincey, chipping Leo Da Vinci phonies pushing kill of hill bloated. Nobody got you. While biggest brother's watching bigger brother watching big brother watch you. Nothing says circus fun quite like nuclear holocaust over breakfast on the terrace. Hash browns and peril. Old ironsides or good ship lolli-popper, Davy Jones still got a locker, ak, the opera's more than docs and soccer moms. Now before you kick your feet up, I married and divorced mother nature after sweet-talking that old hag out of a pre-nup. This information's neither braggadocio nor secret, just know as of now the world is technically not yours, peanut. It's a day in the life of the carnie dog-faced boy escapist. Living large, watching Springer, smoking beedies wrapped in bacon. At night his get busy disease leakage peaketh. Merk the he say/she say, BK Jesus turn peg legs to Adidas on the down stroke. And they like 'what's up with the name?' I tell'em y'all made Bazooka Tooth I's about to ask the same. But before you curfew the city and shut down every block, I'd like to say I still Aesop the fuck out of the Rock
CHORUS
This is a never dug disco. Spread feelers. Tonka zonk Gepetto bred beezers. Jeepers, gee wilikers, goshes galoshes, Christ, god almighty. They tore his limbs off kilter, still the hostage moshes slightly. Hung off the balcony by the skin off his doctor's psyche. He hopes it holds but knows the locusts kamikaze nightly. He woke, corroded buggy facial, insect chopper biting. He's only bones by the time the ungodly body's sighted. He saw the puddle, full color hideous monster Viking. He used to survey if the vermin dined on others like him. He found the fucks indigenous to him and awfully feisty. He grew old awkward grinch and settled into bonkers nicely. I alert vital spider works to cultivate grit, ship the bulk rate shit. Herbie the love bug drugs pulsate whips. Tie in spite for commoner idiocy and good old-fashioned biblical plague. We move units off your pagan escapade. And it's pits to the peg legged. Megas eclipse cripples so that pimp limp's wheel chair basketball when 15 minutes fizzles. Your flimsy frame marks hip-hop's second most tragic event and will 'til Jam Master Jay's resurrection and second death.
CHORUS
On the train
Watchin' the rainbows peak, (thank you window seat)
I mean, it's all the same to some
But that cityscape makes me numb
Walkin' the wire between firewater and water - I'll take the tap
and still manage to end up thirsty the day the nursery collapsed
In my hand I hold the plumage of a buzzard
suffered for circlin' nutrition (seems barbaric)
I may have just saved your children
There's an inborn tendancy tellin' me to grip that sickle
for the pirate tyrant breeds feed on your precious little pixels
I interviewed the sun, he said the future's lookin' bright
I interviewed the rain, he claimed the sun's truly an asshole
I's supposed to interview the snow today but of course he flaked
So I let my frigid demeanor teeter and take his vacant place
We 3 sprout from the same litter
Yet amazingly crafted by seperate scissors
I sloth from off the beaten path splashed in the cretin blizzard
Half my time is herded towards little lost causes
Half my time is spent pluggin' these leaky faucets
An' I'm here to pose inquiries
I'm here to draw a fork in the road and call it the diary of common sheep aspiring
Little Billy starlet up the block got the right premise
But can't thread the needle without consultin' apprentice present.
Now I don't really know you (I don't)
But I dont' really care (I don't)
Can't judge a man's dignity by the wattage in his stare
Maybe that deem's be that vagabond you'd love to kill
But I really ain't got time for the all the motherfucking guilt.
Chorus:
I'm gone tonight. You best believe I'm leavin'
Packing my belongings then it's off into the evening
I haven't exactly been embraced by the populace
Set sail upon the 7 deadly seas of the annonamous
I'm gone. Best believe I'm leavin'
Packing my belongings then it's off into the evening
I'm diggin' a tunnel to where the sun will never shine
I got my book, I got my dream, I've got myself and I'll be fine
(My time) is the day before the day the earth stood still
(My time) is the day before the soldiers fired at will
(My time) is the day before the hunter made his kill
My time's the final mile before the valley meets the hill
And I'm an archer
Parked where the farmers barter appetites
Sweet-talkin' harrassment down to a mere flashing of badges
Prototypic landscapes chased every step of my well-oiled collective workforse with frozen intention festive. Wait.
What about the captivated?
Well I am the product of skeleton dancers poised crooked scattered amidst blue fields of firey bliss mixed
With disease applicant activist rattlers, fascinate grave child
Oh you're expecting slave smiles after sticking the pin in limb and
God, if I could offer maintenance of fantasies I would
I'd place the button in the city square for everyone to push
You see my mission responsibilties range across the board
And still I'd rather be a pen than a sword
I swim a cold lake, and make no mistake: I was not ready
All edgy and out of shape, made the company look messy
(Sorry, well sorry) Honestly take it or leave it
Just let me know so I ain't beggin' forgiveness thoughout the evening.
Basic locomotive with a whistle and caboose
Tryin'a pull my cargo 'cross the map without a boost
Fragile in more ways then 10 yet sturdy bird construction
Hope the smoke stacks puff into the morn, dream torn
Chorus:
I'm gone tonight, you best believe I'm leavin'
Packing my belongings then it's off into the evening
I'll knock upon every little door that comes about
I'll sweep your porch if you can spare a couple of breadcrumbs and a couch.
I'm gone, best believe I'm leavin'
Packing my belongings then it's off into the evening
This turning in my sleep is getting old and older still
I think I can, I think I can, I think I can,
I think I will.
(Aesop Rock)
And then there were eight (then there were eight).
Just like that.
(Bring back Pluto, bring back, bring back Pluto).
Like:
You ain't shit. This ain't ill.
This is little Russian dolls that get smaller and smaller still.
This is a corpus full of pills, trying to sit still and build.
Cause eight planets bullied number nine until he fell.
I brought that genuine shit in '96
Before you knew the underground or independent existed
I watched the whole scene straight jump on the dick
After stepping to KCR lit and flexing my shit
No gun talk, no gimmicks, just rounds of raw dogging
Dirty dusty intelligent wit and word murdering
A hardcore poetic informed without burglary
Potent and shook the shit out of rappers who just learned of me
Everytime I prescribe a new pill, revolution
Quickly defined the standard for indie rap distribution
Arrogant unafraid shit developed riding a train thinking of brain fucks
Bad Touch Example, that soon became bucks
Had everybody sprung wondering where I came from
Screaming out, Independent as fuck, with an insane tongue
With an indelible squad of design monsters
Innovating the styles that made biters look like imposters
So we scripted an album and signed to Rawkus
Selling a hundred thousand without a radio chart hit
Imposterous son is taking the world hostage
Classic hip hop bombage dirty with style progress
Now I've come from the '80s juvenile Brooklyn
Where cats was like Gimme that subway pass, kid. Good lookin
Now someone else is taking a ride with what's mine
So I had to develop styles with a death device cooked in
So when I battled in basements I had eight sentences
Waiting ready for the four you had laced in
And I was taught to wait patient, Why?
Only faggots make shit up just to get famous
So when I finally blew up I remained sick
Earning respect in ghettos and 'burbs for word placement
Back when the independent scene remained faceless
We were the only crew who promised your ass we'd take it
Mold it, shape it, living outside the matrix
Hold it, make it, more than miniature major labels
Hold it sacred, living it for the culture
Told ya plainly, protected it from the vultures
That's why I always get respect from true soldiers
That laugh at the critics claiming every year Hip hop's over
FUCK YOU, hip hop just started
It's funny how the most nostalgic cats are the ones who were never part of it
But true veterans'll give dap to those who started it
Then humbly move the fuck on and come with that new retarded shit
New slang, new thought, new sound, new heart, you thought you hang
You clown, you don't, you drown
I won't dumb it down, I'm dumbing now for these rounds
I'm a live mothefucker plus I'm gunning for clowns
You're a mime motherfucker, don't be coming for pounds
Till you can break out of that invisible box, you're not down
My favorite ones are the ones who started out young rappin about
Comic books, spaceships, and Omnicron 1
And even though they were soft they had fun
But they couldn't break out the frame of the town they came from
Some of these faggots used to send me their demos
Keeping their puppy styles in the Company Flow kennels
But since they had no identity from the start
They started to resent the scene when they couldn't become a part
They've been failing for years and call themselves Vets, that's bold
Motherfucker, you're not a Vet you're just old
I'll slap the shit out you to continue my nerd rap
Making this money fist over fist, fuck what you heard
Rookie cats talk about boom bap and golden ages
Pat themselves on the back for making that new outdated shit
But i've been putting out vinyl since '93 and never looked back once
At ya'll trying to chase me
You don't innovate because you can't innovate
It's not a choice despite what you might tell your boys
Keep your identity crisis under the table
I always knew who I was and I'll always be more famous
Check it
For the best in the bendor biz
1 800 Lazerface
Leave the last CE, Off for crabs and bobbin hatorade
Dig it, daddy dug his own tunnel under the gutters where the numbers bleed
Hunters froze up and exposed Rapunzel weeds
Tugboat, tug a rut out brutal dirt first
The fuedals fuming oodles, it was right under your poodle skirt
Welcome to Bazooka Works, halogen halo eyesore
The revolution will not be apologized for
Warbucks exlex megaphone on the fashion piggy pageant
While my dick's raw dogg in a style magnet
Fraggle rock your four figure watch
I clock ninety nine cent wristbands
And still know the time when you record flops
And this is on a sick with it factor
Exhibit A, E, S, Genesis of the klepto reactor
Wanna burgle the buzz over definitive cast
After a life of labor camps starts paying innovaters back
Baby, you ain't felt the collect?, Coooool
Stuck running bases with little bears under the wing of punchdrunk butter makers
That engine sputters while the hound dogs wire cutter mechnical
Rabbit bantomweight puppies ain't rabid enough to snatch him
Poplock dynamos, is approached with a golden focal point
Come soak in it, resume sturdy composer soldier bliss
Wrong name by a molar can often expose your phobias
Watch a cobra grow hands to hold his own tongue when he notices
All city legity critter, bark with me
All filthy documents, cats piss on their kittie litter moccasins
Welcome to mi casa, Monsters Inc, dropping bangers out the rocket ships
Your own private apocalypse
Honor it
For fuck's sake
Original
Wild fly
You wanna read the nile, I twitch easy reader
Father it
I will, dog
Original
Wide open with banged out cutlery from a slang mouth teacher
And money is an ugly god we all fall for
I got land mammal, cannibal, natural survival squackbox
That means when I wake up and decide to comprise the new shit
It's not some watered down version of what my favorite crews did
Puff the magic komodo bitch
Rappers stuffed komonos and shark fame at a perfect working unit
Look, I'm done
B boy, feed that to the needy
Shut your liquor hole, fuck you in 3D
Easy
Cook it up
Spooky
Salute
Look
Zoop, well hook it up
Shoop the local Wendy Cooper loopy
Low brow, low brim
She asked me, "What's the name?"
I flashed the grossest fangs in show biz
Jumped out where it's open:
"What's yours?"
"Um, Jenny, um..."
5 o'clock with the ten-penny sum
Sprung colassal miss, may I process your Pentium?
But ae is hesitating
"My princess
The pigeon holing roles that your predecessor's lunacy in the kismet"
Her eyes googled back "?that want to fortune to? breed plus a new kink in the posture
"Just don't get all barnacley
Get P.T. Barnumed in 3D THX sound stereo dismissal
Sorry hun, it's just the last ?group? was a fistful
Like them girls you bump into like dumb luck
get high in the city kiss once when she's punch drunk
Watch her misinterpret the moment tongues touch
Crazy mc-clingalot claim instant one love
And you've gotta beg your friends to take 'em off your hands like thumbcuffs
Or them barbies you'll vibe for a sexy second (love you)
Give 'em a month Hyde Hekyl to Jekyl and she makes Hitler look cuddly
But Jenny in the sky with emerald eyes
You're so different so delicious so ?de fish?
I'd be willing to walk the limb with
So let's just get a few things out the way: (okay)
I'm clinically bonkers and just about everyone god's great earth offers
I won't be getting dressed up to impress your family dear
And if I can't wear jeans and sneakers then I won't be lamping there
Nope, aggro-pimp, sinfully, clinically ?novel,? back it up no-diggity soldier
Magic-touch fingertip donor
Own up to your dirty debutant animalistic instincts
ritual courting dance and breeding behaviour" (like what?)
"I dream of Jeannie and fucking her obsecenly
But Jeannie could be Jenny so easily if you'd let me
Hell, the bad-tac daddy-o Merlin-- 'e' for effort
Most of these high-post Fabio world motherfucks make my head hurt
Dead up-- I got death in the skull but you'll get used to it ma
Dinner and cinema, yes, just cough the bread up
Sure, he schleps with naked pockets but I carry dreams
Like I want to be an anstronaut after you marry me"
(WHAAAAT???)
"You're rushing this I feel smothered it's crowding me awfully, dolly
I love you, Get the fuck off me! Sorry." (Call me)
And I'm circling her like a tiger shark frenzied but friendly
"I'm cool, how you feeling Jenny?" (Jenny) Jenny (Jenny) Jenny
"So quiet, oh I like that, so mysterious, I dig it
The way you haven't made eye contact with me once in ten minutes
I'm just saying girl, I'm dirty-dog raw vintage mixed with mega-low society
Mister gutter-fuck ?head? if you try me
So there it is, game. I mean it's not like I'm sweating you
because when it comes down to it, most of y'all females are the same
But now it's your turn baby, spit it out"
"Okay" She punched me dead in the fuckin mouth and walked away
Watch out ladies cause you know he don't love ya
Bazookatooth is one bad motherfucker
He's a low life pimp with a low life game
He needs a no life dame with a strobe light frame
Cook it up now..
No ring on the finger
There ain't no strings attached
But if you love television and
manic depression
Get a carton of cigarettes
And we can make it happen
Get your mac in
Just leave your bag up on my curb with the trashcan
?Pretend? like I seen you in maxim
?Relax with the tap dance?
Lights, camera, action
The ritual goes, same window different visual.
Wing of wax, or wing of gold leaf
Choose one. Float or plummet 20 thousand cold legues
My nourishment's provided in the summer
So that I wonder
How y'all chasin' dreams when what's tangible still outruns ya
Hail dirty doll immaculate performance
Warm as the march of a billion torches forward to burn what I born at
Cut and paste alertness to current set is provided quick
Shimmy the pirate ship mast, bat the eyelids at the siren in her bow (?)
Facing, let's salute the embrace pertinent generals who turned innocent hermits to burning spectacles.
Flirtin' with a serpent workin' overtime
Drain the battery, siphon the poison and flood his majesty's hatchery.
I was riding on the yellow bus to where the brush thickens.
Yeah, an it ain't exactly plush pickin's
I'd rather take the time to burn every last bridge I've ever crossed beneath the sun
Than live my life knowin' you may one day follow me over one.
Snake bite
Breath too heavy to hold.
Caught up in the wake of the red witch tryin' to swim it.
Ran for the sake of dead click stripped of idealic image
Steal a sloppy earth meal feed my pottery wheel to model collossal vision
Thrill, shrunken with a bucket of pennies
I'ma drag my sneakers through the dirt like alligator bellies
'Til the cloud burst
Honour and a loud thirst submersed in a trap
Little drummer boy verse' thunderclap
In a city of garbage, tryin' to reap the harvest
Adaption is the trap in which the artist meets the forest
Swing your little axe or be an oak tree if you can
Either way, adapt to circumstance or play you final hand.
No enigma, an attempt to bury the hatchet
Rendered me victim of deviltry plus wounded like stigmatics
Somethin's somethin hazardous
I smell an inch of differnce in this mornin's pollution pistons and how the loose ends drift in
My sour pash (?) institutions slipped in admidst the invaders and,
Pardon my tone but,
This garden's grown fucken' acres since my visit.
Itchin' to count the layers in the blizzard to that chapter where my family inserts the dagger and twists it.
It's the carnival, have you any sweets for my weary kin
It's the carnival, have you any feed for my cheery grin
It's the carnival, welcome, play our games you'll never win
Coz it's that carnival where every freak show spectacle's your friend.
An' I'm a,
Ghostly galleon, tossed upon cloudy seas
Antifreeze to glacier cookin' a look of fiery nature
It's the,
Ceilin' feelin' too heavy to bless the I-beams for a fraction more collapse (I left sorry) that to your door.
Bitchin' my back to hell's kitchen, back
Burnin' murder machinery, released regardless of the pardons
Hitchin my life to the leash of one minstrel
Sick of same window different visual
Same agnostic hostage different ritual
Play, coopertive supercolony clash (I heard we have a dust collection - let me see it)
Ooh, I duel this underdog verse forced adaption to the marbles of the now
Since then my knuckles haven't once dragged on the ground.
In a city of garbage, tryin' to reap the harvest
Adaption is the trap in which the artist meets the forest
Swing your little axe or be an oak tree if you can
Either way, adapt to circumstance or play you final hand.
The ritual goes, same window different visual.
The ritual is same fucken' window different visual.
I pilot a lion heart
My polar halfs negotiate it (right)
Shook upon the difference between tumble weed and sacred,
Read a hostel gospel attributed to land shark Apostle squad
Unfroze the hideous image like ??? ???.
Bat up in the bell free (help me)
I wana be the reinvention of fire
In a most stagnate tension basket
Fenced in a cognitive learning facility built with the makers of stinger repellent,
But fresh as the active element.
Draggin bricks roped to a Saturn atlas hooked to madness
And I swear my new fresh air till the goblet cried, fuck the rabbits and rose
Most soloists cant defend the might kingdoms that their passengers propose, thats why I am the rose.
New day, new rain, same old
Aches and pains, same old
Emaciated fame game, same name
Spring water aint enough any more
I wana see the river and bottle my own crystal drizzle liquid dinner
Well arent we the phoenix of irritant method
Here to steer the flock out the farmland while every shepherd rested
With a, head on the wall
Of sovernty halls
I be the head shaker in a sea of nodding novelty dolls
Lets, crush the arena,
Flush the pipe dreamer
Touch the skull of each and everything
Everything everything
I am a scarecrow
Bullied by the bullies
But the masters had em walking in circles like eye patches
For the madness.
One day, one ran
One cold, one poem
One way, one plain
One rose, one home
One strain, one pain
One fold, one zone
One element to many to made a hungry man moan
Ill be leavin now (Ill be leavin now) [its not cool]
Ill be leavin now (Ill be leavin now)
Ill be leavin now (Ill be leavin now) [na-na nana na-na]
No Ill be leavin now (Ill be leavin now)
Everybody plug into the bludgeon,
Follow your hunch and align the hunt collection
To count their blessings in abundance.
Once in a crescent moon Ill adapt
To capture the essences breakfasts participants fishin dissin inventions.
Heads gather from every battered aspect of the march
To swap gossip
Who born in what city and
Whos hungry and
Whos parched?
And it gets tiring wiring the populace an anti grin and list of accomplishments
Beyond basic. Residence,
Stick figures stand at attention, deficit
And alls well that blends well with a warm hazardous combine
Thick as thieves ???
I bullied the wooly mammoth and champs
Germany frantic decamped to the wino migration, examine.
Eager to sport motley mosaic illustrate more than pendragon
Im from a room flooded with punishment
Ive seen drunken sailors pilot they vessels to split the light house
Laugh at brown bag liquor list on there way home from the blood bath
Half angle with broken halo; half primitive rug rat.
Spoken for by wide life, hybrid mutations and slum cats
Doom for dominion sluggish posture,
See I wait a lifetime just to pierce these spears though the bellies of every monster.
10 little warriors sit on a picket fence,
Ordering themselves for protection of nonsense,
Catapult the stone that struck the leader in the back and
Marked the beauty as the other 9 warriors worlds collapsed.
One day, one ran
One cold, one poem
One way, one plain
One rose, one home
One strain, one pain
One fold, one zone
One element to many to made a hungry man moan
Ill be leavin now (Ill be leavin now)
Ill be leavin now (Ill be leavin now)
Ill be leavin now (Ill be leavin now)
Notice I said Id be on my way out the door
Ill be leavin now
Ill be leavin now
Ill be leavin now
Ill be leavin now
I mean the doors almost closed
Ill be leavin now
Ill be leavin now forget it
Ill be leavin now
Ill be leavin now
Ill be leavin now.
Verse One:
And the saints come marching in
Serpentine regime ordered by response sort of fell this population
Caboose humming no fence me in a van with common patriots
The parody plastered every red brick in site
Where had to keep his plights from ticking
I'm slipping my key and whim dim by dirty tap water and that
Roach on my ceiling circular fins round a bed of pushpins
Let's connect the thrill of volume to a flat earth
J-walkin a hook the past just passed the mere dragon bandwagon passages
I'm sorry, we've never met, my name is driftwood
Thanks friend, good looking, I'll never see you again
Feeding frenzy, catfish stomach, empty oceans
Spangled in hooks dangle by anglers off the plank of burning books
And if you're, not gonna eat that
Kill joy inherited by spirits lacking harnesses
Merchant, Goliath dipped in slip shy posture conceived evening
So I feed idea turn sun dial to bastards son adopt the reroute dreaming
Oh I'll ride the plain bow in flare gully yellow rain coat
Heard a harp but sunny ways my lifeline searching for the same note
Oh please, I know butterfly wings ain't fit to auction
Dig my tossing sturdy walking head hung
Skylark litigants strung out like cats straight up participants
I am the triant diaries of a low life siphon through that vein
Anti-diligence movement, here the hunger habitat
Working class trash raped where racist hit their high
I spy a toddler on the corner with her bubbles and her dipstick
I witness the fusion of her breath and her amusement
And it killed me and it stabbed me and it cut me clear open
The notion that this child timid in her sins embraced pleasure
Within a token of a moment, retless arrested but not a twirp
Strip the Bonabo Disclosure, so close yet so much closer
I'll take the hint but still she's never known cold
Call me in twenty when those bubbles explode it's like that
Verse Two:
Back to back to back to stacking a brick match
With the fact that I've sipped the dripping sap tap
Casually out the limbs of captivated blends back
Tracking the patterns that trim friends to thinning savages
Take one down, pass it round among us
Lick a tipper drink, drink, drunk, drunk, and drunkest
But you quest tore your floorboards and the carpet turned marbles
Naw the carpet turned charcoals and made skeletons of warlords
Snake charmer, hate farmer, gave you the rations
With an eyedropper a poison passions hoist above the masses
And interrupts homeostasis seeming flow scapes
Like a symmetric snow flake visits and with her symmetry blizzards
I'm sleepy, one wing more and I promise to pay homage
To those who stand truly deserving and the list ain't long
Sink or swim, ravalor ascension
Even birds of our combines float if you let them
They'll be dodging more than quiddles when the bowel breaks
Note the affiction slip clip to your little visions into cloud shapes
Oh my left hand is a brick layer my right hand is a plow face
We build and destroy in response to every sound the crowd makes
Sling blanks sprayed it with apathy magic balance
On the palette of the almighty for painting the first half of me
Honor find it with monster mashing in text casually
On the palette of the almighty to paint the second fraction
I'm collapsed under the relic rainbow with seven sepriet
Succulent aqua marines hide the in by sweetest elixir
Star heckler and leaders start gawking at yet another
Real conceived green fetus beating parallel sterile fixture
Urgent, the serge is like venom and over kill, kill, kill, kill
The over spilled theory's all faucet
For real, how many leaves your clover got? Mine's got eight
Three for normalcy one for luck four more so you'll spot it from space
The water ain't safe, the land's made of water
I hug a half empty glass my dignity's trying to pawn her
I'm trying to see the future in a tea cup and a saucer
But I rather be drinking coffee with my cigarette foster
And a run away buckle the cloud-nine fantasy filter to force the
brutal truth
Of daily market place wars through the roof
I mean I stood beneath the icicles that bleed under the awning
And magically mastered the great absorbing of spirit falling
But I'm sick, I've plowed these fields a thousand times over
Sold botanical research studies to farmers with whole quotas
And when science proposes to art besides that peaceful sea
I'll be that cat with a ring on a pillow shouting finally
Take a number, the apple seeds rained upon each slumber
A hundred thousand freaks on parade for the village hunter
My every whim acted upon has gone loopy
But I play a game called lets prepare barnacle city for the end-all noosings
I split the radius at go-getter bellies, reconnaissance
Seeping fossil genie bottle optimist freeze
Run for the fountain but the fountain is a desert optical
tease
Tummy full of sand running man impossible stop
There's a wing in my gut and i'm all dust
Surf in the urban Iditarod certainly flushed
Now one in the hands worth two atop the tallest cedar
But what lies inside my heart is off the mother f**king meter
[Chorus]
See the Water ain't safe no more
'I'm just trying to build myself to act as a truly better man
damn'
See the water ain't safe no more
'Nah nah the water ain't safe no more'
I'm just trying to be a solid oak tree for every child to carve
its name across
'The water ain't safe no more'
I'm just trying to be the dream of ever peasant the hurricane
can offer
'I'm just trying to be some body I can talk to in the morning
with a smile'
The Water ain't safe no more..
[Verse Two]
And I've always been a 40 night chronologic hostage
Rusted hook in the lip of the monarch
Wingless Anime
I don't play in the man race cycle
Hope floater
Gloating inside carnal indifference till doom cops are slight
and
potent quotas
I'm 20 something pumping acrylic tomorrow side ways
Blazing passage with a map tattooed on the back of the classless
Now tip toe across a lost cause
Because a lost cause found
Don't mean you found a cause
That means you found a lost cause
Ok now ive been here for role playing
Slaying my here and now
To benefit consumption for my peers steering the plow
And its incredible
Handy jackets turn numerals to sentinels
But bad apples ain't sweet and cretins ain't that memorable
I'm Mozart with a focus on the tide
Hiding the inconsistencies of man behind water and wine
I wear a tiger stripped ego and bivouac my progression
With a kingliness formulated through the flesh of the oppressors
God had a flask I can prove it
You really think the 13 loops that loose daughter
spawned me a sober unit, check potion
Addressed the ghost inside my TV with a ruler
At hear to the back bone stone pusher
Here ten thousand hackers deep in a movement
That's 20,000 crucial ruby heels clicking in unison
It's beautiful, truly beautiful
I keep a stick inside my hand
and carve my name inside every wall of the falling hologram
blaze with a face melter, go fish,
pigeon itchin for a pit to put the pig in,
scalped bottom feeder, nose bleeder, cheap seats,
to the meat eater sweeps sweet weak freaks,
what up?
grip clicker, smack the dummy box fix picture,
stickle over shit, cinema flicker in the plasma,
the latch key degree was obtained in the savage years,
where he learned the binding of a wire hanger to rabbit ears,
every pixel that leaked dead over the carpet,
had to be spit shinned and hidden before the ford duster parketh,
when mommy marched in, wrapped the broccoli in the napkin,
for your electric paradesio after the parent crashes,
and i'm high on ion jitters,call it a prime directive of the damned,
who grew to sleep easy to white noise,
the humming of the machinary running towards them crawl,
social retardation larvey plugged into the wall,
the little short circuit with the still born vibe,
till the villagers circled and determand "it is alive",
shipped to bell view eyes fuzzy talking funny,
like "eagle one to grey squirrel whats your twenty dunny?",
i piss clumsy with electrode head pan (sorry),
pitty the pretty internet gotta empty the bed pan,
left hand numb from the finger to the thumb (right!),
right got tubes in it, irony is fun (yaaay!!),
at some point early when drunk on electric kisses,
i'd apparently notarized forms excusing scalp slippage (sign this),
the pain came on a makeshift main stage,
and sentenced to in an inoperable eight bit frame rate,
for that i made a game play, reborn torn,
at the ministry of information trying to get informed,
they'll duck it out and i will cease all wars,
so if you babysit a caroline be fore warned,
i be the ultimate (ultimate), multi polar,
mobile medicine cabinet stocked adequate,
pockets like maraccas, that will shake when he stepped,
which explains the circle of rattlesnakes where he slept,
smarter then the average bear, barter parts and gadget,
with battery op enthusiast pardon the barking badgers,
while you were parking daggers in kittens with snarling children,
i was sharking classes with taggers for television (Click!),
gattaca days, attica paper scattered,
diagonal mahogony boggled the train savage,
to boxed the botanically inclined child slave labor,
blades clipped the perfect petal now play later,
play never, if escaped raped treasure,
thats a jewel freebie out a old geezer, no teether,
or even yesteryear scrapes fester,administer gauze,
but catourized wounds bleed if you ain't ethered the cause,
king of applause (yay!) beats the garbage flood for ten(?),
porn king of newyork, alley punk perv scum,
waddle on the voyage of the vouyer,
six four sick king breezer sniff whores through brick,
i am so dangerous evil and mercy heaven,
allergy to compasion he is the perfect weapon,
un- earth it and ciphened from delorian doors swivel up,
with aviator radar blip for most glorious tittie fuck,
cool green over the frame under the clothes line,
whos crew choose fuel most, mine,
holy trinity, tripple six, tripple x, city barrack,
glutton for punishment super size me while you at it,
he da:
built hideous,silk of the milk litigant, silly wicked finick he fidgit the middle digit ish,
will he alter what he feel is illy to pick at every little smidgen of integraty,
as your industry bitch? NO,
final mentions, track the moniker,
to the freight hot reaking of butter beans and harmonica,
dirty old man no tea cup thirsty, peak up skirts,
for slaps from that d-cup nurse,
cackle his old gums lewd (lewd), crass,
show the girl a trick like how he opens can food with the only tooth he has,
she like THATS FUCKIN DISGUISTING,
they dont call him anabolic ace for nothing, OK,
now current picture aside all anti-celebs remain aggro,
half mast the flag pole,
dead walk sturdy, but the day i greet the worms,
i pull the daisies down with me as a fuck you to the norms,
generic's so unappealing and in my humble opinion,
defeats a rappers civic duty to the culture,
granted every topic has been covered but cookie cutter,
delivery of simpleton wit is the real culprit,
so wether street, club, battle, conscious or other,
i find that interesting style can often out weigh the subject,
so when the disc changer goes from guns to space,
it is not an attempt to fake credibility for the public,
But fuck it it's ace rock six records of gibberish right?,
he's trying to hard to be weird and different right? (riiiiight),
or could it possibly just maybe be, his lessons,
can't be summed up in a linear set of pop culture references?,
(WOW) yeah but why try, i'm so groggy,
the mach nine valentine aint for everybody,
but i will say this to yall that used your fifteen of fame,
to mention my name, that sixteenth minute regret is fuckin insane,
and thats a longevity veteran pedelling free medicine,(here)
who the fouler howler (me) who the rabble rouser,
what the happy hour starved the peruvian aggy powder,(tight)
trade up at the digital jesus factory outlet (bout it, bout it),
bout it bout it, fuck a fork tongue cutlury, the fuckery is famous,
never wild shook but a slang that maybe alienated a couple strangers,
held a mongoloid fanbase that is alien by nature,
robot wars, machines hit the floor,
and the semians syncopated a gigantic "encore",
alright i'm bored, five minute bag of tricks,
if you hate me you can eat a bag of dicks, ONE
[Aesop Rock]
Before shooting troops was cooler than hula hoops,
high noon was your basic who's who of brutal truth.
Hot summer gun or box-cutter slow dance
turn a young'n to a dozen paper dolls holding hands.
And tricky was a wooden horse pushed up on your porch
so chicanery was yours to engage or ignore.
I was on the latter but a lot adopt pawns,
so we carried lawn chairs and buckets of popcorn.
[El-P]
Pass the popcorn!
[Aesop Rock]
Brawl fair, cop car, voyeur hawk him out his hinges,
storm door splinters, clamoring about, hammers out about to ring,
infiltrate each others tribes and murder each others queens.
Packed to the very last rafter, clung to the rafts and the
cameras to capture the damage, neck swivel with a chomp chomp volley
where the ants leave nothing but the bones and the car keys.
Pardon if his two feet fester.
it was rude of me people,
meet left and lefter,
planted like a model of civility and honor for the sector
but never got his Extra! Extra!
Peace for the better but it wasn't entertaining,
so they waited for the tazing from the safety of his haven.
Like bees to the honey when they lumped you up,
'cuz bumper cars are only funny when they bump. (Know that.)
[Bridge]
Hot summer gun or box-cutter slow dance- popcorn, popcorn...
Hot summer gun or box-cutter slow dance- capture the damage.
(Yo, this dude talks real slow yo... Crazy.
Yeah man that's my boy Steve; he just talks like that, it's weird.
That is wierd.)
[El-P]
Tune to Hellemundo for action packed blasphemy;
big city translate your face 'til it atrophies.
I let the schadenfreude boy out actually,
deployed to void with grin to watch laughingly.
Pass the p's it's a laugh in,
I can smell the tragedy when hatchin',
happily dispassionately patched in,
alive with the menace of demise like yes! the pain dazzles men.
Pass the popcorn, pass the popcorn it's reality at its fastest,
and yet it still unravels at a pace like molasses.
I guess the last of the seconds before the worst of disasters stretch past us,
wouldn't you agree that it is fabulous?
In the corridors of entropous wars contort drastically tilted fits,
I adjust to climates of the wilderness,
walk along my spine take the pilgrimage,
up in to the section that's reserved for the smirk of the coldest witnesess,
Work you motherfuckers (hooray!),
there's all day to die, innovate the mayhem with grace,
the goodform-fall. Fuck if i'm 'a warn y'all, nah...
I got the front row to the greatest entertainment that an angel never saw.
Sixty thousand watts of that raw pull the claw out of the trunk fun,
each one teach one how to club one,
look at how they bathe up in the dove blood,
it's gonna be a night of thrills and chills where the sacred is made of mud mud.
Each one teach one how to club one- popcorn, popcorn...
Each one teach one how to club one- popcorn... wouldn't you agree that it is fabulous?
(Yo honestly, if your man Steve really talks like that... uh, that's not really normal...
Yeah, that sucks... Yeah, it's pretty bad...
Nobody's voice should sound like that.)
[Aesop Rock]
It was a lazy day,
it was amazing grace,
it was a half-a-dozen claymores daisy-chained.
It wasn't daisies and crazy eights,
it was an ace of spades over a waiting game of slaves and saints.
And every trainee face-painted while his great escape grazed and ate,
he'll never make it, when he aims he shakes.
And I was overly engrossed from a very locked door
with a couple Milk Duds and buckets of popcorn.
[El-P]
Pass the popcorn!
[Aesop Rock]
Clap clap, encore.
Monkey in the middle study how the bunker took the missiles.
Age of machines with nary a green screens,
so the hecatomb is every bit as cutting as it seems.
I could tell the pet from the vet,
money where his canine's spread and never welched on a bet.
That said, know the over-under
on your local hunter
and you'll profit off his widow-maker's numbers every summer.
Bump in the night, funny, will he catch and release 'em?
Has he mercy? Will he hack 'em to pieces?
Is he dirty? Will he hassle policemen
and security breach
until impurities leak
over the circuitry?
And nada milk and honey,
there is only skulls and bunnies
that hop around drunk in the land of a hundred Mondays.
God damn, pop the Redenbacher proper
and, for christ's sake, get this man a doctor.
I'm twice born, once and seven something
Once is the resurrection of honorable function
Been shoveling a coal as the engine's doctor
Long enough to see my silhouette acquire a permanent kink in a posture
The metenance of icicle spirit by the warmth of true endearment
Was, is, and forever will be a luxury
I'm a soubrette columnist fathering doom document
Cursed version of a certain Virgin Mary womb occupant
[Verse One]
I know swamp rats who never suckled oxygen purification
Sure it's blurry may have had them speeennnd breeezzzzze
Stuck until my friend leaves puppet for the plummet committee
Sputtering bum numb enough to stomach the city
Who's that hugging a silhouette of willows with a hill's crest pan out?
On the candy coated crab apples, sugar dipped deadpan outs
I got a plan, I'll turnaquet my quest
Defeat a needle into battling to mute the mess
With patience galas with absentee balance I shove in the button
Strutting to exhibit mankind's hostility function
With a, ppppppppp paling in comparison a methias Goliath
Live to riggedy frame in a wicked silence
I top and ate my nameless square then I bumped eyelids
With a Christ we saw the same thing through a second
What's that? The grand mosaic depicting historical glory in a legend
Nurse me through the time stick and stone mixes hex my fertile crescent
Now all's well, I'm laughing on the inside I swear
Just trying to keep my head above red tide despair
My imperfections pair off with buddy system symmetrics morbidly
So every second the discontent's locked accordingly
Let's turn mummy's shut up affection a berserk glory condition
And pray for the day a star child tugs the ribbon
Meddle in a two-hand grip when that spoon full of sugar medical chaser
Credible crasser antidote's terrible taste the
Water with a stolen soul pen left picture mad rhythm pinned
Never set a grin and fly health
Consider me a mobile advertisement for that hybrid plan of fabrics
I deemed practical, now is you is or is you ain't compatible
I feel a wind in my opinions plus hyper clutch
Crush one's ginger bread tenement awful,
It's like the date of Grado Methasawmill
A lifeline of spectacular expansion leaves the reaper
At the hand of what man's hand jokes
My friend's got a book about dreams, I look and laugh
I dream a book about my friends and still can't decipher the half
Ch-chatter boooox, now let a soothe sayer major
Cater to a king green battered on the brink of disease
I am, skin and bones, I am, sin and poems, I am, tin and chrome
You grin and groans fuck it I'm tinted when accrete zone
Blow the pedals off a dandelion trying to make my little gypsy blush
And felt as if I'd actually accomplish something
Fortify the bullies of the jokes soaking in treatment
Sit and watch the percentages teeter on the evening
On a ghost up in a fuse a lot second before the cock dropped
In the Styx and stared him down until he fixed it
Fashion, it's cool and all but what about God?
[Oh God, well he's the man, but what about reading?]
What, like novels, man that don't hold my attention, what about television?
[Television hurts my brain, how about walking in the rain?]
I hate walking, it's boring, how about some old fashioned gone fishin'
[Yeah, fishing's great but I can't stand hooking the bait, lets dance]
I've got too left feet plus motion sickness, how about breakfast?
[Man, I'm hungry, but that means I'mma have to borrow some money]
Let's fly a kite [Let's burn the generals]
Let's sell lemonade [Let's drink]
Let's poke a hole inside the tugboat, ease on back and watch it sink
[Naw, lets scare a pupil once a year just to shake the academy]
Casually note the blossom of phantom alignment strategy
[Verse Two]
I'll make the waterfall out of order in autumn saw the quarter
When the gods mimic the vintage knuckle drag sacked in a coffin
I affiliate my rag dummy appearance with a most cohesive spirit
Clattering the yesterday ain't shed a tear since
Hear me, wrote the Old Yeller community cartoon
The carousel balloon extravagant aware, inviting it
I'm swore to Adam and matter and saddling
Warhead thorax and abdomen to primitive horse back galloping
My index fingers rest in my talisman branded up in the jackals skin
One must pardon yee old common street detour
Weaving graceful through the prom directed column
Greater virus retreats to a lot in Valom
Bean stalk where the fiend walk and my name is mud
But that's got a ring to it so my swill welcomes the flood
I walk through God's practical joke on man practically broke
And if they raise my rent again I'll spend my nights practically soaked
Who spits silk dimensions with a noose looped by the raft?
After lack of reasoning jedi 3, 2, 1,
Oooh I'm hung, I've clung to hope but see you in hell
I'll be that clear blue icicle that simply refused to melt
Sturdy eye krulin, tin can skeleton,
Skull of a thousand dilapidated dream remnants
Here to convict based on a tin bucket of evidence
I steer where the heaven's merely a legend so the peasants dream well
Four rooms, a ceiling and a floor but there's more
(close to insanity)
A desk with a subtle light, a window and a door
(close to insanity)
One bottle of the bluest inks your iris ever saw
(close to insanity)
One child prodigy with a vision in his core
(close to insanity)
(yeah, yo)
I'm frost bitten, slippin' away titanic burden nurses
Where the anti-hero clergy purge their value burning service
And warped was I huddled beneath the influenza fresh
Meshed with impressions that appear to shrink before my very breath
These tides of woe and malice and mirth initiate a wave crash
Splashing my offspring graves prior to birth it's looking bleak
Malarky farce sergeant crooked and sleek emerald eyes glow
I'm shook in a freak side show
OK I strobe effects projective when I blink
So I resign this chorus line
When linked we let our eyelids fall and pilots stall
With what I sing I'll open lash light and dark clash to dim the wattage
Then see the wide eyed dry grays and supplied fiery colossus
Well I am a hostage guiding yet pushed beneath the crazes climate
Hiding behind the levy while the stubborn rivers rise and feel this
I wish heavenly brevity centered hate pedigrees instead of dead serenity
God damn must have remembered me
It clinched me, it wrenched me, tempted me to employ it
Apprehended me and rendered me suspended in its voyage
How these tables have turned
Hand to the bottle with the skull and cross bones scribbled off the label
Sip the ladle drank the burn begging for dead
Concerns off with a zephyr tread and leg in a web
Caught triple-six couriers beckon they fled
OK OK I get it
Let 'em shake a little then release 'em
Like as if ghostly hysterics would leash on banded completion
Odium, patience ran his anti-death commando
Just a litigant stretchin' to touch tranquil but couldn't quite catch the angle
I'm trained as corner stone famine troopers
So my tray within a heart of hearts still belly up and parched, come on
(yeah, yeah, check it)
I'm a sideline observer alerted not yet retreating
(close to insanity)
The climate stubbornly hovered slightly above freezing
(close to insanity)
Now everybody in the populis awaited my reply
(close to insanity)
I spit a billion tiny brilliant white lights into the sky
(close to insanity)
Undeniably amused by the way the fuse burn
By the way the clues churn in front of my eyes
To fertilize germination of concern for me for we
For he who's sucked into the trench fully dug
I don't wanna pull the plug
Hug on my canteen like in a dream
Centipede leader speedin' through a meaty greed league
I can tell by the way the needs bleed from a seed
If the breed should have ever been bread 'nuff said
Whether compared to caterpillar and cocoon
To emerge or a spark's soon a bloom to a surge
All I need is the nourishment, the courage and the burn
To ascend from a number to grave blade runner
Hunter, cleric, swordsman, king
More like I'm walking with a broken mood ring
Mood swingin' from the mezzanine level
Here to bevel the edge
My team's settled on the ledge to pledge
It's like that.
In the summer it rains buckets of hunger pains
In the winter it's the same with an added climate change
The remaining two quadrants balance the polar values equally for midrange
Yet the songs of thirst remain the same
You could turn the whole cold reservoir to liquor
Hell, split the ocean on its seams if it boosts your esteem
I never lend span of attention lest my brethren signal fresh
So do your magic miracle worker I'll remain unimpressed
For the flux, the fix, the famine
For the fact that little Billy up the block obtained a lovely hand cannon
I'd examined auto pilot (right) when filibuster won (yeah)
Concluded the few we're tuned with were now targets of his movement (oh shit)
It's intriguing, yet I guess I knew somewhere something was leaking
Now I honor instinct delinquent
Bring settler runaways frayed boogie bastard clicks
To bypass glass stature walking graph characters
Militant dance split the sun and sip the filament
Tracer, vivisection is to lab rat primes
They try to grace these sacred lips with his maze or a dirty wine
He knew, he brewed the substance just to mock the lesser budgets
Then sought off all trickery bought off the public and screamed victory
Tunnel through the mite infested grillage and the rig
As fast a Aesop and his ten little fatigued fingers could dig trigger revenge
Tip the goblet in the dirt review my words spit in the puddle
Peace to faint struggle the fuck out and duck out
(yeah, check, huh, uh)
Now, all hail defenders of the trash talk
(close to insanity)
I was hidden, yet I slid in just to rip the mask off
(close to insanity)
I'm seventy-six inches of all the purest sounds
(close to insanity)
So y'all could dig me six feet deep my eyes would still be over ground
(close to insanity)
(It's like that)
(for want of a name the shoe was lost)
(for want of a shoe the horse was lost)
(for want of a horse the rider was lost)
(for want of a rider the battle was lost)
(for want of a battle the kingdom was lost)
(and all for the want of a horse shoe...)
There is a hole in front of the shovel, shovel in front of the brawn
Six billion gorillas for whom the graves yawn
Each withered his mule-ish days to choose his tool of trade
Dueling blades that cue the cruel charade and fuel the flames
If you would clue the crew into the civil
Just get the food and land like you the man who flew the coop over the pit-bulls
Dash back flashy to compassionate nano police
Sat beneath an avalanche and jagged and nautical seas
And I would stop the violence more than I was Pontius Pilate
Cops and robbers riot by the vows of noxious sirens
A is gullible he figure all man equal no brainer
Take it his friends and neighbors didn't cater
Moms raised the babies through a very church-y eighties
Sunday mornings reinforced the waiting gates of Haties
And he brazen but apparently infernal bound now
For when a man had coughed recite his wrongs he wouldn't bow down
The punishment should fit the reasons you must punish him
Never puncture skin or pull the colored rugs from under them
Two opposing mother ships shall not employ the gunner's deck
Cause brotherhoods of public good do not employ the unctuous in you
Observing how the giveth is disproportionate to the taketh away decide to maketh his day
All the stoic odium glowing a coal holster
When he coulda stood easily in the tub juggling toasters
[Chorus]
No mountain too high
No city too far
No coma tonight
No city tomorrow
No fire too live
No city too charred
To treaty to sign
No city to guard
I pick the phone up with a grown-up mode approach
Skin crawlin off the drawl and now it clawed the awkward tone up
I'd known it wasn't roses but hoped it was less corrosive
Coast in to the focus of the grossest diagnosis like
Holmes, the barnicles that chew upon the flesh of man
Have clued into suitor's capital to a beggars hand
Comfortably, sung a stubborn legacy of gluttony
With carnivores that burrow like hunters into the blood and meat
Umm, what? !?
The chinny chin up and the city picked her sinning pen up let her numb the spitting stigma
Along came a spider sold her eggs to any buyer
Now the shooter in back is six legs wider than the driver
If you make no friends on the way to the top rung
There is no secret handshake club I do not give a fuck
But know the cancers make the olive branches obviously standard
So when they extend from the yachts and mansions drop your cannons
All kings hang em for the cliff side drip dry
Will he clip to zip line or slip for his final dip dive
If he live, will he survive the milligrams of middle ground
They pump into the pinstripe pentagrams over tinsel town
Or kill a man who trickled down the city with his scissors out as sickles
Dipped in military hells bells and whistles
Riders to the east
Now the wild tribes
Thank you for the peace on earth and mercy miled high
[Verse 1]
Flash that buttery gold, jittery zeitgeist
Wither by the watering hole, water patrol
What are we, to heart huckabee, art fuckery suddenly?
Not enough young in his lung for the water wings?
Colorfully vulgar poacher at a mulch like
'I'ma pull the pulse out a soldier and bolt'
(Fine) Sign of the time we elapsed
When a primate climb up a spine and attach
Eye for an eye, by the bog life swamps and vines
They get a rise out of frogs and flies
So when a dog fights hog-tied prize sorta costs a life
The mouths water on a fork and knife
And the allure isn't right
It's gore on a war-torn beach
Where the cash cows actually beef
Blood turns wine when I leak for police
Like 'That's not a riot, it's a feast, let's eat'
[Chorus]
And I will remember your name and face
On the day you were judged by the fun house cast
And I will rejoice in your fall from grace
With a cane to the sky like 'None shall pass'
None shall pass, none shall pass
[Verse 2]
Now if he never had a day a snow cone couldn't fix
he wouldn't relate to the rouge vocoder bliss
How he spoke through a no-doz, motor on the fritz
'Cause he wouldn't play roll over, fetch, like a bitch
And express no regrets though he isn't worth the homeowners piss
To the jokers who pose by the glitz
(Fine) Sign of the swine and the swarm
When a king is a whore who comply and conform
Miles outside of the eye of the storm
With a siphon to lure and a prize and award
While avoiding the vile and bizarre that is violence and war
True blue triumph is more
Like wait, let it snake up outta the centerfold
Let it break the walls of Jericho. ready? go
Sat where the old cardboard city folks
Swap tails with heads like every other penny throw
[Chorus]
And I will remember your name and face
On the day you were judged by the fun house cast
And I will rejoice in your fall from grace
With a cane to the sky like 'None shall pass'
None shall pass, none shall pass
[Verse 3]
Okay, woke to a grocery list
Goes like this: duty and death
Anyone object, come stand in the way
You can be my little Snake River Canyon today
And I ran with a chain of commands
And a jet pack strap where the back stab lands if it can
(Fine) Sign of the vibe in the crowd
When I cut a belly open to find what climb out
What a bit of gusto he muster up
Make a dark horse rush like enoughs enough
It must've struck a nerve so they huff and puff
Till all the king's men fluster and cluster fuck
And it's a beautiful thing
To my people who keep an impressive wing span
Even when the cubicle shrink
You gotta pull up the intruder by the root of the weed
NY chew through the machine
[Chorus]
And I will remember your name and face
On the day you were judged by the fun house cast
And I will rejoice in your fall from grace
With a cane to the sky like 'None shall pass'
None shall pass, none shall pass
[Sample from "Snatch"]
"Do you know what 'nemesis' means?
A righteous infliction of retribution
Manifested by an appropriate agent....
Personified in this case by me"
[Aesop Rock]
We're all in the same gang, bread and butter
Just a couple subdivisions who naturally hate each other
Influence is shark biting the fuck outta your brother
Friendship is Professor Plum ratting on Colonel Mustard
You are now witnessing the world's most crass version
Of a barnstormer, reveal time with a jagged edge
Arm mortars and field mines for a bastard pledge
On the style diamond cutter
Swung before that magnificent havok sketch
You fidget like a nervous culprit gulpin'
Sweat a bullet, dead a bullshit sequence reactor
Speaking disaster
Who leaps off the canvas to provoke a side winder
Snake in the grass with a dirty belly and his work to sell me
I got my word to tell you
I got absurd magic
But it works like pistons pumping through the realm my family habits
(Without a Rabbit Hat combination)
Nah, more like I'm spitting pixy dust
Till the mix taper community combusts
[Yeshua Da Poed]
I hold words for ransom
Demand some attention paid
Not to mention praise for their release on a page
It might evade the light of day
I never said I gave them all the fight to be brave
Or insight to behave
More like them others
Whose ads have been paid for by some brothers
While some of us lie in the eyes of others
I discovered another way to stay undercover
Kill everyone involved
Unsolved mystery
this to me is how to leave matters resolved
Out of this all, you should take a break, ask the fake
Get snatched out your habitat and left on the side of a lake
I try to debate
Whether a clean getaway is harder to make
Than a call to the cleaners
Dropped off a seamless bag
Zipped up with enough cash to pay the cat
With the awkward demeanor
[Vast Aire]
God is a name I call myself
I don't like Ugly, Original, Synthetic
I breathe rusty air logic
It becomes the lung, the mind is a closet
That is if it's a walk-in, 'cause I'm open
You fell from the cliffs of weakness, I scoped it
I'll ball your rhyme up and stuff it inside my mouth
As if this was the first grade (C'mon man)
And you'll just stand there
Your eyes'll water up
And your teeth'll grind 'cause you rhyme first grade
See in this life timetime I'm a caged poet
But I think life is more than a jail sentence
That's why I took my time
Doing calisthenics which euphemisms to hand out a life sentence
When I rhyme I put my ass crack in it (in it)
And you in a glass bottom boat with a crack in it (in it)
So fuck your attitude
My poetry's position is the sole definition of latitude
Sinister. (repeated)
"You tell the angels in heaven you've never seen
An evil so singularly personified as you being hit
In the face by the man who killed you"
This be the dawning of the age of dead water
Stitchin every b-boy fragment
Somebody live enough to bust through the belly with a fist up
This is a right now generation murdered by the fan base
This is adored by the writers-Dead water
With a still force activated
No I'm not feelin alright
Formed by the village of badness and bad karma
Punched by the stagnant water gate threw the fickle back
But by the window's still three nickels in a piggy bank
Caught her with her head up funny stomach from the hunger pains
Flashed automatic b-boy with big visions
In a matchbox apartment adjacent a crooked starship
Who better nation a million's the only remedy
Nine dizzy planets with a bullet riding centerpiece
Take Me Through The Gates
I'm bout as sick of burning find the hottest slacker in a visionary costume
Con artist kamikaze conduct
Warm for a second to the minute he whored herself to disaster
I recognize the cankers by the mechanical stagger
As opposed to the skip of big brother bad slapper
Theologies who need to keep the cookies caffeinated
like a mad hatter that'll sleep now, ask after
Calibrate the happy scale when he's soakin
wet with a mouthful of dead ideas and see if it tipped zero
Stripped ego, tall stories of broad glory
I'll be god while you're still living life on a full 40
Or maybe I'll be gramacin, homes poor, broke and lonely
Hidden by my billygoat beard and cardboard monstrosity
I drink a bad glass of gumption
Not bad meaning bad, but bad meaning disgusting
Wildchild activater activate sludge enough to dungeon for a accolade and wild ones
I committed wild murder, went through the city
with a wild merger, woke up in a wildstyle burner
Space case, boom box, hate tapes, no lemonade breaks (sweat), no cheddar in labor days
Right now, im here to break a point of big system plus my screen
I was never cursed in a russmeyer bixon
Spit sob stories to confront my dick addictions
Of the dirty basement at the graves of Salem witches
Driving my stake through the face of painstaking business (checkmate)
But I scream Misery (better breath take)
Out of sleep, lifted up lobotomy, little Jackie paper
and a magic dragon sack of dirty shrubbery
I'll be the ugliest version of paranoia
kingpin set in motion by the secondhand pressure
Some get excited when the sun folds under
Some get excited when the summer hits the pavement
Some get excited when the bullet hits bone and a board
I'll escape through the train yard and sleep till it's broken
[same old]
This be the settling of debt of warm water
A mobile b-boy function
Somebody mad enough to cut apart the curtain with a fist up
This is the dagger in the 88 magnificent memorial
This is the heater to a movement-dead water
When I broke fifth and got sparks
No I'm not feelin alright
[Aesop Rock]
January, I fell to the cobblestone
In April, I cut little paper flowers
In August, I drank cold tea all my lonesome
In October, I was introduced to scourers
I love New York Saturdays
But Mondays last longer
And since I plan to live a long life
Maybe I'll serve a thousand Mondays and swallow the burn
To merge the week for all its got
To get my shoddy rotten ribs stick, forgot my ribs
I got a lil' something called a spirit crisis on my skull
And it's nothing short of ferocious but I swallowed the dosage
I got a mantle, and the mantle is a candle
And my candle is a flame that burns to symbolize the day Gretel met Hansel
Then I settle in a stand still
I live forever reaching for the sun
Hoping some lucky day I'll clutch and get a hand full
Rope ladder, I'm a swinging anvil
And I wanna turn scullies and summings with pretty lullabye, bye
The way my gypsy dances makes a monster retreat to fetal
I never felt so damn young
But you don't look a day over zero
And you don't look a day in the times 'cause it'll make you realize
The night is near so
Well then go, dream, I clean around the edges
I tidy up the tabletop, and lectured all the pledges
I never really knew the true definition of precious
Till my angel wit the beautiful red locks gave me the message
I'm a fully animated life tree
See the root of the mute button was dug up bug up on a song
Of I'm a fully animated life tree
With branches for the heavens to admire actually
Chorus [Woman speaking]
Fame, war, love, honor, crime, innocence, tragedy, sunshine
Cringe, death, passion, heroism, God, suffering, joy, fate
Destiny, treasure, stars, gall, hunger, murder, silence, mayhem
Health, pain, suspense, breath, sound, guilt, pride, time
[Aesop Rock]
We all know what a halo is
But we all don't know the horrors if your halo tips
I be the matador making your pretty little heels click
I be the Sword in the Stone of the contemporary eclipse
I'm incredibly exhausted
You can't imagine, got my warm spirit stuck in my teeth, I'm obsolete
Freedom freedom freedom fighter beginning
Better stay competitive, meter in such to bust, fuckin fantastic
Every little steps you take breaks the tangles
In the chest, developed in the abomidable trouble
Settle for a cruel second, loud for an hour
Screamin to the beats to leave until my whole weekend turns sour
I ain't been around the world but I been around the block
I ain't seen everything but I seen enough to talk
I ain't a prophet, I ain't the Second Coming of Christ
I'm just a mason with a will to build and a little advice
I wanna weave a web, I wanna set of knitting needles
Villain with a theme dream silent
Paddle in the hole divy to where the portraits astonish
You won't regret a single solitary step, I promise
Look, in a situation where a dragon guards the gate
I make a true spur of the moment grown decision
Which in turn allows me to be something normal
With the prefix of the abbot
I can kill every monster if I gotta, that's that
Rockin it, rockin it, clippership rockin it
Be the little guinea pig, dig?
I'm tryin to make an exit with no ripples in the water
No splash, let the poison slide down down the hatch
It's like that
Chorus 2x
Every little step we take breaks the dreams
Of a warm pig itching to re-stitch the seams
Namsayin, when I walk, I want to break concrete!
Ox'll spit some shit that'll reflect off the mirror
My light beams are mad bright,
They stay clever
Yo challenge an Ox member,
Get a vow severed
Found your body in the desert (scavenger's dessert)
Yeah yeah I rap tight like Saran
Plus enter battles talkin' shit like
'Look mom, no hands!'
I'm tired of cats tryin' to sum me
You can't add that far yet,
That counting is far fetched
I treat MC like canines
Throwin' words at they face
To see if they bite when they catch
I told you my poetry sponsors Gillette
Now you standing there
Wit razors in your head like barrettes
Man, if the mic had ass cheeks
The sticker in my hand
Would say priority seating
And man, I dunno if it was me or you
But your girl was on my dick like she was teethin'
You play the role/roll,
I'll play the poppy seed on top of you
The godspeed is actual,
That doesn't mean I act usual
One of the first emcees to give
The crowd full attention
'Cause you need love and affection
If we could absorb every star in the sky
We noticed some shine brighter than others,
You wonder why
It's the simple things in life
That turn the peasants into leaders
And we know the differences between
The walkers and the sleepers
If we could absorb every star in the sky
We noticed some shine brighter than others,
You wonder why
It's the simple things in life
That turn the peasants into leaders
And we know the differences between
The walkers and the sleepers
I boogie with picket-a-vision,
Carbon based stickler
City piss aroma,
Therapy coma, clone sitter
Itching to pigeon hole villain soul magnet
Feelings activate
Passionate the germ,
And the book met the worm
I hold a book of matches captive to flashin'
For some need flat line
Be a thick fatigue episode,
Brewed in batches
Flirted curse at perked nurse,
Broken skeleton patches
One muddy veteran collapsed
The untapped resource center
Housing style pageants
My little limbs lassoed catered to wings
While mankind's baby steps
Break dirt and demon
I know a crossbreed strung well in the key of
Mass times weight times tame semantics
Encompassing that which splits lips
But never supply and demand it
To hell wit plastic, ooh yeah it's splendid
Tap it on the shoulder,
Grab it, tag it, apprehend it
Lend it to the devil of a friend it,
Wrench it back, mend it again
It still never renders suspended
But finicky picket fences
Now every toy dreams to manufacture hearts
Start with the diving parts and the blueprints
You follow the precedence
Set by war pigs of a yesteryear
Let the tears pray
Skip a stone over the reservoir
To shake the whole charade
Hmm gun play the tumors platoon
I couldn't see
I fell asleep holding an Appleseed,
Woke up holding a tree
The only bridge I ever burned
Along this legacy at dance
Was the one that linked
The cities of Prosperity and Chance
If we could absorb every star in the sky
We noticed some shine brighter than others,
You wonder why
It's the simple things in life
That turn the peasants into leaders
And we know the differences between
The walkers and the sleepers
If we could absorb every star in the sky
We noticed some shine brighter than others,
You wonder why
It's the simple things in life
That turn the peasants into leaders
And we know the differences between
The walkers and the sleepers
Oh my God
They've got angels sweatin' like Helots
workin' their little halos to the bone combing them deserts
my figure eight knotted
lifeline defined traffic
the way my schoolin' end-less-ly defined every day
one exquisite fitted crisis rivets an octagon of red
to the ceiling above my bed
it's not a conversation piece, like public spectacles
unleashed more of a clue
so when I wake up to the rains I'll be one step ahead of you
I slide like Kodakrome(?)
wrote a poem for every planet
tracked their mileage from the sun in an envelope
licked it, stamped it
got eight thank yous in the mail, but nine planets means there's one left
only the earth would thank me later with a breath taking sunset
(man, I'm just a bum)
zip that waterfall around your skeleton
tell it to boil
loyalties, the shovel in the soil
dig it, I split my lip kissing the winter
nursed the blister in the sun
strung a hammock between spring and where the willows turn to blood
might of worked
sip a little, litter it, love it
without big beetles trying to sell him sunflower seeds by the bucket
might of, tugboat for the boxcutter above those ashes
without hot air balloons floatin' their four passenger baskets
and I'm asking you
to let a captive lacerate a caption
splash out massive
apolster plastic glasses with famine patches
i-dentify all saints linked around the fountain's warmth
and for a second taste of pain when removing that crown of thorns
?????,???,???, born hostile, pacifist huddled in subtle masochist
stamp the blame on ??? ???
my fire escape overlooks ghost town market place
artists bought out passes
then fast themselves to the target's face
you're killin' me
if I had a hammer, I'd build a city on stilts
so my feet would stay dry when God's wine glass tilts
if I had a shovel, I'd dig a hole in the dirt
and I'll be hiding when his drunken stupor lands upon earth
and if your little wing is broken
I'll see the poacher in hell
I can't afford another ????? in a cell
my carousel mimics the interests of a thousand leaking spickets
and a colony of graziers raised to justify the grimace
(and yes I read the treaty)
I prescribe the remedy plus the premises
my pin cushion, my limbs pushin' the knitting needle
evils, idle, peddle past the greeting
where the sleepers feed the cycles
stop, watch the eagles board the little engine that could not
ghost in a shell
and it fell in my lap
passin', postin' the bail but the guard has misplaced the key ring (that's
wonderful)
I lead a flee to blaze exact songs directly into the village
power supply burning the bridge between the magnet and my eye
now how many cadavers satisfy a mad man?
and how many crooked samaritans turn plesantville to bad land?
I can count my own dusty nickels with you laughing
about you'll turn my poor ass ebony and navy with cane lashings
(well, you're right)
grip your pointed stick, incite your riot
I'll sell your worth in a bottle at profit, explain my bias
atomic box cult, downward spiral rapidly
cast to hell with hate mail, forged Christ's autograph
laughed itself, drastic catastrophe
biting my lip
skin and bones, stringent
bingin' on rancid baits
mummified well inside a muddy New York minute
was it
your remnants my smoke rings have cocooned prior to fading?
well, it wasn't conscious spite but it might have been that
I am not your friend anymore
my arrow head dissertation(?)
when narrow bed sleepers occupy the basement
and I am not your friend anymore
come the dawning of cerulean your pity blend that whispers in the wind
man, if it were only that simple
I'd add a guilt frame to my core
I'd board myself inside my room to trace the wilting contour
one petal falls to the rug, she loves me not
town crier lugging a boom box with spirit plugs
and a red radio flyer
tied to irony like twenty burning igloos with a sailors knot
fiddler crabs build sandcastles while high tide off azalea crops
in the icicle field I portray, cats get antsy
and ask 'why if every light is dark do I continue dancing?'
why if every light is dark do I continue dancing?
why if every light is dark do I continue dancing?
why if every light is dark do I continue dancing?
well if it ain't finally a question that's worth answering
I boogie for the raindrops
for the purity, the anger
for my childhood recollections
for the comic book in my heart
the mocked intentions
the clarity, passion, seclusion
those cool summer nights
for the mark emerging across the street selling me stog's at half price
for the mights, the maybes, the nauseating pitfall
my girl, my friends
for the fact my window opens towards a brick wall
for the three legged dog I saw dragged on a leash
for the homeless man who walks my block in rainstorms with plastic bags on
his feet
see I throw away the tenders over one shoulder
and walk across broken glass
through every wicked world to kiss tomorrow's morning
not for nothing
you'll drown in a pool of your crooked morals
whispering 'maybe Aesop Rock was on to something'
maybe, no promises
[Verse One]
You replicas overlooking the guidelines of acoustics
Miserable attempts result in miserable conclusions
Paragon pen dragon tactician on freeform
Then a comfortable silence try to combat cliques
That unexpected Sephotus cyclone shifts
Worked up you're shooken, jetted to the side
I stagger this vagabond wondering menstrual forms of phobia
Worst fear the terrace stricken muted
The roots of all evil I've rooted pinnacle
Poised with pride pouncing to break your stride, forsaken
Agony rides inside the heartache wretched condition
My intuition felt you slip up
You tripped alone what are you aiming for?
Or do you sus tries to classify your genus, distorted fetus
Evolve, type unsolved, you lack the malediction
Malleable martyrs get molded, then folded under pressure
Thou perceives a slaughter suspension
Bridge over troubled water drown, sound study intensive
My square drops two erasing lines like tetris
Relentless agent hush horrendous circles on my pavement
Two sticks to burn basics the lie adjacent to my placement
On the game board, lunge forward and wind-up impaled by the same sword
Choose your weapon, stains splattered upon your flag
Taturag shielding the exterior inferior
Stall face to face with a forms that force your downfall
Admittedly suspicious, a decadence, your network's on hiatus
Permanent, provoked and choked upon the potency
The parrow be the penetrating agent pierce the insides
Why the cold sweats at midnight? Why the dim light?
Why are we staring at a true from the inside?
Why the pen slide with vigor on a put down?
Like while I put my foot down stomp your city
A-E-S-O-P scoping through the bur, opening minds behind the smirks
[Verse Two]
I've seen misery, I've seen disgust dust ridden ruins
Iron clad oracle test three COM unit disperse silently
Over confidence leads to irony
Plot twist full hardy Icarus shifted in facets of my form
Forbidden aspects of the swarm a thorn upon your side
A storm upon the rise, Adam, I or crush come brush upon the red zone
Crook you're shook you started poorly
Your powers parted pace uncharted territory
Disoriented malicious god you'll burn your bridges
This craft requires first drafts
Graphs, gritted blueprints of nemesis perimeter
Hunting by night compute, twenty one mic salute
One life polluted, concerned muffle moans
From the nine rings of Donnie's hell burn you in your slumber
Sleepwalk then pulled under now
Whipping through the willows is the warden of this garden
Slipping through the silhouetted skylines Aesop sidewinds jaded
Don't wind up war painted into the jungle the solution's not intrusion
The starving institution broke your main frame
I pose the question, are these waiting games worth it or worthless?
While I comb the crowd for clues your nyebony hands be my purpose
Our planet is the pivotal point
In which this network slowly turns to filter kicks
We out-box the berserk bewildered by the wilderness
My clench is frantic clutch manners falling through underbrush
Touch fools that duel with a dominant
The evil-minded tried to triple six me but he missed me
Intervene; emcees appear as red blips on my color radar screen
Good evening
Alright
Yeah
Happy to be breathing
Yeah
I am alive
Yeah
(You look like youve seen a ghost)
Most copious
Rain, soak the opiates
Notice how the phobias appropriately procreate
Woke up with a ghost farm focused on his groceries
When they arent telling stories they are multiplying grossly
On the lawn
Let 'em loiter
Never let 'em spawn
The aberrations have been drinking this water for too long
So when they gather by the bird bath in the morning he will tell 'em
I mean no disrespect, but you have all outstayed your welcome
Interesting in a sense
Interrupt commiserating phantoms on your picket fence
How quickly they will lift their heads
And breathe an ultimatum like the dead dont argue
Set your living by the bayonet, but how alive are you?
Shit, A is all juice and bad etiquette
Elbows on the table, lobster bibbin' on the ready
He said but how alive?
I dont know homey, you decide
(No you decide)
Fine, how alive?
Too alive
How alive?
Too alive
How alive?
Too alive
And one by one around the yard til each one felt communal pride
Like they had done a little part in cleaning up the public
With a steaming plate of justice for them Easy Baker stomachs
(say what?)
We the legends that home with the unremembered
Geriatric lore in the clutch of the budding censor
Who snuck around the art police and all related governments
To infiltrate a human lung and hike up off his tongue and lip
Ah moneys in the market for a mother-ship
Double as a vessel that drag its legacy under it
And who am I to hang them out to dry by the heap?
When if rehydrating fails, were all dumber because of me
Zombies of the antiquated nation chatter quietly
The too alive channel from the library of rivalry
And summer's in the mud
Winter's by the tracks
No story goes untold
Aes is back
I got a handful rocking the same poker face
Down to dance around the table like they own the place
I got the whole world thinking its a holiday
Cause they can smell the chum in the water from miles away
(You look like youve seen a ghost)
How alive?
Too alive
How alive?
Too alive
How alive?
Too alive
How alive?
Too alive
[whats up this is Aesop Rock for wkcr]
I traded my title as bent pedestrian for passenger status to coast muted
Finding the night train mildly therapeutic
Rugged hacker flashing mood full of swings
Beneath this puppet master pulling my strings
Leaking smoke rings singing [your despite what measured honestly
magnificent]
Syndicate sold to children building homes for my omnipotent platoons
Nah I don't think the blueprints drafted tilted in the tombs
Tampering hampered scampered well beyond the dooms
We bloomed? the matter down to those most beautifully discrete
Applying yesterdays models stand obsolete amongst colossals [amongst
colossals]
Comply not to enforce us aborted claiming they came off
Sort of stabbed them with the capital 'A' that sets my name off
Sick of it all
Sick of the stalls
Sick of the thick brick in the wall sob stories the falls the tragic hate
calls
Shaking like magic eight balls pausing to watch the vapors crawl
My clique heeds lessons I'll be noted from kids sisters paper dolls
We lining up along against these great walls
Circling analytical
Rhetorical inquiries yet x is not applicable kid
(Your flash minor we as orphans repeated)?
You talk the concrete examples with glass bottoms cause defeated kid I'm
heated
Its flight of the intruder and we all fall down
Conditions of never blends science with religion
Cut my character cleansed in esoteric opulence
But finding no intrinsic merit in your sense
Well isn't that bewildering
Drunken distortion and spit the filter in
Mic sweltering measures like melting my rings together an you never
Seen I Aesop Rock flop for the love of eighty-nine point nine
I'm here to ride upon the night train
[yeah wkcr 89.9 . . . here for the night train . . . whats up to my man
apex, kinetic, dj ely, baz, my man dub el on productions, the mighty ger, my
man patrick, blockhead, mr roper, omega one, my man hates one, percy p
andre . . . stay up . .. its like that . . . its big aesop rock signing off
. .]
Take take, the medicine tastes great
Gotta keep in the city I'm way baked
Waiting for the meteor shading at twelve begin paint
The origin of a deeper leader will take place
Two coke bottles adorn the rope toddler
Rebel of refrigerator
Give him a Nilla wafer
No role model, provoke him to shift focus
Cus he noticed that a cookie tastes better when it's stolen
Kids got the darnedest crooks
All ?? get from an honest person
Bought enough fireworks from the bullies to blow up a small barn
which he kept in the box in the yard
And the bark is far from a klepto-anthem
But a klepto-tangent
prefaced the grand canvass
Dance to the dirt
stand up, celebrate the natural need to own what ain't earned
See it rolls off the tongue
Like a smoke ring rolls off a lung til it's done
Ready set kept it
He thefted a post-it
Later applied the motives to a moment of some grown shit
"Hey, you with the sharpie and BM!"
Did you foreplay the gm
or you carpe the diem
Warplay the porn game
Wanna get the sure way
Well the freedom will correlate with the sword play and heathens
Trickery I'm back, talk
Fresh outta high school
On the prickly catwalk
of the modern bright slide rule
Every last number in it's history
got it's own little hustle to nuzzle up with the victory, Thanks
Bathe in a bottle of your finest
Huckleberry sift through the piss looking for diamonds
For that hell appears to that in your climate
Get your money from the richest Seek your pussy from the flyest
Slow and low, Do or die calm
Suicide king and a tuck of the palm
Slow and low, do or die, stuck
Two to five cans in the trunk of the truck
And these are the five fingers that are stealing from you (4x)
Capture the flag
One by one like little confused penguins
Larceny's yes when fools used weapons
Like a bitter little burgular jaded up at the buckets
He's dumb enough to pull up in public in the fuckin thing
Nope gotta configure the five fingers
Sorta hop wire vehicular skill is applicable
If an eye's on the prize and the itch aint flushed
I hope the fruits of your labor relieve the initial rush
Like, step over the abysmal cusp
Matchmakers trying to make the mixed signals fucked
And make you read the mud, maybe make the stigma's crushed
Like "he will learn to walk after he lifts the drums"
And this is certified milk by the department of skullduggery
Shoplift quicker than ya shutter speed
Click! Missed, dip dumb colory
In another muddy river water til the rudder bleeds
Skip around the money Peel the color me bunny killer
Hovering where the mother feed
Gutter greed king
Let a crumby motherfucker breed fuck wit me
It goes knock knock, rummy at an abrupt speed
The seed's all growns up, playing grown people games
Evil lames grown encompass the whole paper chase
Grip, better get the master plan
So when the workers of a secret graph expands,
Yes a pig is a cop, I got a villian for flock, so when I rake in the bacon I hope the kiddies will watch
I hope the flipping of the system will be heavily clocked
Cus opportunity's fickle If they we're trickling Stop!
Capture the flag
Drag that crass little bastard flap through the hazmat glass
Laugh when he asks for it back
Scratch that
Welcome to the magic and a basket of cash
Slow and low,do or die, calm
Suicide king and a tuck of the palm
Slow and low, do or die, stuck
Two to five cans in the trunk of the truck
And these are the five fingers that are stealing from you (4x)
Capture the flag
This fallen angel could stitch a wing with a shoestring
The prime directive selects reflective aviation
Bathed in mood swing
I'm broke, I know a walking corpse who'd spit icicle dagger
To slit throat
Quicker than you can prove there's four letters in hope
I paint a portrait from my cell called life
Inside the tortoise shell, tortured
Orbiting hell's orchard intrigued but not compelled
I smell a hint of charred child flesh sweeping through my quarters
Order one canteen of liquid caffeine and eclipse the slaughter
Now is you is the villain of my kabuki hologram
Cuz I hobble with hollow hands
Please pan the nozzle
We see intent to re-invent dream application
With homage to ancients
But honor modern replacements circling now basics
I'm Bilbo Baggins with stilts tipping the Petri dish
Beached fish on the shores where the feast of wits eat the corpse
Divvy the servings and study the traits that deemed
Killer breed credible
That's a harp of a different color but the song remains identical
I am not a crook, I cook the wick at both ends
Just to blend that element of chance with my tight rope dance
Life, sight beyond, fire ant with a hunger pain gut be gone
Belong to something civil, saint, cuz this Rembrandt paints on
And it's a cold canvas lodged in the gut of Atlantis
Some present impressive lung
Some truly learn what a death chant is
I alone personify mankind's collective sulk
As a result of one angry Zeus fist blistering cult pulp in bulk
Face it, die, place it on the shelf
Next to the portrait mommy gave you
Of the day it rained but y'all posed by the slave ship anyway
Make it rain 'til the levy breaks
My fetus breeds as a combine of father time
And his sweetest concubine, wine
And it saddens me like televised casualties
I'll be hung in the village square in exactly 5 minutes
You don't want to miss it
As a token of my discontent regarding the equation
I'm officially closed for consultation
I float, while everyone around me's busy drowning
Yo, I surf an axiom kicked in a center fold by ugly tenements
Oh Distribute sour inhalants regulate lobby development
Today summon the rug rat oblivious to what's delicate.
Tomorrow siphon imperfection out the fetus prior to selling it.
There is a brain in the thicket tap circle cupping the port to accord it
Teeter thorn storm plunges more but conformers the pouring's half the entry
Plated pearly gates a chanted axis with high gentry hinging our binging on public picket fencing Squirming in terms in conditions of un-sati fact destiny magnet
Where the ebony should of cracked shit ratio tragic
Lose sight suit oh mavericks clash at futility pageants
I post froze in a blaze at a grand combustion
A leader's deception connection wiper with a barn responds his friend
With an eye socket full of needles and a will to die for nothing
And that's glory abide thy crass itinerary barely suitable for common slum cats
And the lemmings will follow you to the blood bath
All aboard that awful train through shames patch where I'd trade my window seat for one pane of replacement stain glass, see I've battled the gods of opacity
I don't mind yall looking in, its just watching sim city steam slips under my skin
And im about half way to nausea, half way to contempt men
2 halves post made a dance evoked a whole lot of resentment
Build a pen around master dome patriarch close to four peters
Woke to rope cubicles combines with combines suitably ingenious
Let's soak my feet in lake infinity the time vibe strapped to dignity my symmetries vivid image still cant mimic the victory comfort is a crumb and I'm numb as fuck
Yet some prefer the hum and others tend to suck the life out of the crux like
1,2,3,4 and im a hug dummy hug the hungry pull the lever push the button
Drink the garbage split the homage reap the harvest target everyone
Beckon eyes idols that have a malleable colony till the fire ant dropped the sweet leaf grief your dreams a needle in a needle stack claiming safety pin physics
Baby tin blizzards collide while ole iron sides trust the rivets
I'm sick of the picker the litter soaking the spot lit when I know they know they owe all thanks to the end all Aesop Rock shit watch this
Build me a home; build me a home of brick and wood and everything good
With a front porch where I can char fire flies by night and smoke stogs till the day meets twilight, build me a home, build me a home with a green grass hill with runing a water in a backyard with a sandbox and a garden of foreign flowers build me a home with a basement and an attic where I can store remnants of the day I once slept in build me a home.
No skull is sacred in the races
Locked in a pagan doctrine watching born again faces gamble up patience fail blatant
Oak currents the end of war paintings stain plague community harking as wrapped
It's overlooking out crops. Give you one life to laugh at catalog bliss on the least common attachment 10 seconds of glittering silence pilot is flight redefine stagnant
Most emotions host an entire lesson congressional less one stone merely for the exceptional spectacle now listen the pause heed tall falls the voidance of the suit dispersed await a straightened arrows a perfect circle has been fastened to the blimp side buy in my grin and clusters that's better than colony my own fathers son is the holy ghost suck that theology I king for a day of peasant for a pleasant life blood on the easel and my eagle eyelids spots runaway pirates look I despise squatters with a ohh cry me a river a quarter how'd you afford that dog and sour dialogue I put my hook in the pond I put my worm In the hook I put my trust in the worm that he'd bring me something to cook
I felt a tug on my line and I lugged a trash can on my pole with a note from the worm attached that read thanks for nothing asshole simple parables of nature making character giddy and riddle me a similar situation mix city quick but your honorable a lot doors to the monks blood thirsty barracuda serpents and report on powers of devil treatment church links im a fence sitter lips torn by both polars and their working I can only model throttle at the dream catching matching a patchy holist with a sovereignty harbored and charged my hate breed in a minute he's picket spitting stitches to fix the britches in the gaps one night I broke in bridges give us traps and tried to walk to get stogs just like hop scotch between polar caps and im, blue in the face when every second is a waste of breath
Making that classic mockery of every step Oh build me a home, build me a home please with a light in the window and a red front door and a picket fence and a fire place and a sturdy frame and we can sit I'll tell you my name build me home.
Thou mayest indeed
Tune onto the forbidden channel
And see it like it is baby
You should be a champion
Never fall on me
Deceit, deceit, deceit
Getting dusty in the cellar
Yo, I was thinking about my sick friend
Stringing a ring around my wits end
13 loops later his feet hung inches out the pig pen
Motley day goblins brought him pillage to pass the stillness
With bad javelin tip dipped inside, barreled, black magic brilliance
Who rose at the tomb of the 'Unknown Soldier'?
To capture the fascist fragment choreographed
In traffic dancing for nickels
Looked like sickle cells to the principles of pi rotary
One hope distortion odyssey sputters itself
To my how not example sample
Give me the bread crust while considering the littering
I dont pity the head rush or the whimpering, spill
Anchor to rock bottom, rocks bottom packs a ravenous catalyst
Sprung arachnid, leashed by the carnal tyrant
I choked when the cage bird sings it stings
Springs me out delirium to stitch them clipped wings
I sink instinctively brinked while they're clinging the shrieking souls
Mourning the death of fallen ideologues to quality control
Quality control, stand still string up the banner
From the beehive to the anthill, rag dummy
Incorporate the unison of Vikings ship throwers plus the perfection
Of the twice to burn with half the stone throwers
Speak your assessments
My communicative hindrance pleads the needs
Of a billion hungry victims gripped by the hell
Thats slipped to splinters and got
Shivving up the mass of natives and its league marvels
One components sure to shock a mass burial, breeze
Broken penny bank fragments float up at stagnant seas
Dirty work plus applicants with chatter box disease
Iron bandit, give them the stars, the head balloons and rubies
Asked for many moons and I cant stand it any more
This is how I feel that I sling
And the regulars were so amazed
I'm the mightiest slinger of them all
There is a time for war and a time for peace
And a time to run and a time to split
Getting dusty in the cellar
I dont run a funny race, malnourished monarchs and loopy admirals
Where 99.9 per cent swear by their broken axles
I built boats of a pack rat bats of bully club swung
Post utility inhalants nail it to stability and sail it
Lopsided Star bird bow crooked mass makeshift
Patching holes with chewing gum and stitching sail to thirsty faces
Observe me sitting with my eyes tied to the clock
Cause I know that once that wind kicks up you
And your motors left roped to the dock
And its the, art of clarity married to slender extension
Of blue sky of a happy neighborhood
String on my ring has left me dancing
Like wooden dummies in a paper nature
Merry etiquette's a door nail, friends is little brittle dolls of paper
In assembly, I tremble with a crocodile smile
Hiding a fish out of water complex provided upon entry
Now if I, were to, hold to speed
To levigate the game plan, would you honestly impede
I mean I guess, I can just divorce me from the rest
And blame my chemical imbalance for the fact Ive made a mess
But my loyalty supply hints on which [unverified] I should run with
And Im thinking that damn town priors about to fill this here bucket
Its that, grand precious that precious that part of you wants to touch
And part of you just wants to sit and be impressed with
Tainted agony induct in barnacle attachments
Mood swinging upon the barnstorm to perpendicular traffic
Spread, circle 4,000 circuits you burn to cater wings
Above alkadiene Townsman spoon-fed the shadow
Im tired of being wired into the thief ratio
Its gnawing a hole through my scheme so I leave
(Know what I mean?)
It is the Molotov cocktail hour
Have I not brought you blessings without number?
They have plenty of nothing
And nothing is plenty for them
Yeah, I've never had it so good
Getting dusty in the cellar
Getting dusty in the cellar
Getting dusty in the cellar
So you want to be a carpenter, do you?
Well it takes more than a hammer, boy
You're gonna need blueprints and a will to build
And straighten your cap, you look like you've been through a war
Wipe that grin off your mug, you got a sturdy frame?
Sluggish posture just won't cut it
You're gonna need schooling, and, and, and take notes
And God if I catch you yawning again
You're gonna regret ever asking for my help
And dammit you gotta hustle, this is a slacker free zone
And, where's my pencil? Go get your hard hat
Here's a nickel, go get us a ruler and a saw
And a drill and lots of graph paper
Yo, I used to have a rope ladder but tattered were the rungs
I strung it from the highest willow, trying to hug the sun
The seventh level buckled and I tumbled from the summit
Now I'm back to re climb and this time light my cigarette from it
My stitchin' division to vision warfares numb
Enough to soak suddenly in a bullet bath and skip stones in the morning
As I, lie in color phantom tantrum explicable
Sit and pull the petals off wild flower patches, magic happens
Behold, pity the lowlife parish
Doom city barracks left remorse coursed
On a horse drawn carriage by the torch of Polaris
To the badlands, where every bridge collapse
Right where the crowd stands
Where the witches are fireproof and every preacher's a madman
Frigid be the Appleseed demeanor towards the bay
Where the land shark parliament swims
When they pause to polish they fins
The better brains will preach the village through the city square
To the light, heavy and middle-weight integrate
Slept with sticks and stones in my pillowcase
Oohmy bomb's light simulator picks barnacles off the tugboat belly
Left my spirit home in a shoebox in case I die
Got a rugged smoke green halo floatin' inches off the swamp
Had that phase when the devil tree contacts a sparkle in my eye
Now step back from the reservoir and let the settlers drink
Salvage all priorities and iron out all kinks
My house ain't made of bricks and straw but never has it crumbled
'Cuz I stitched the brain's rigidity with symmetry
Come visit me, It's fascinating
Now here's how its done, I'm only gonna show you once
So pay close attention, hear me now or hear me never
Glue your little eyes to the diagram
See the plywood, the nails, the glue? You work every inch
Your domain and you must treat it well
Keep it clean or it'll swallow you whole
Where's the T square, hand me the pliers
Now dammit, oh this will never do
You have to want the castle, head up, shoulders back
Be the materials, know your limits only to break your limits
Are you listening? God dammit boy, pay attention
Try it again, little bit more juice this time
Try it again, yeah a little bit more elbow grease this time
Try it again, concentrate, a little more focus this time
You can kick and scream and yell but damn I'm only tryin' to help
Try it again, you're not doing it right, here now, ya'll watch
Try it again, stop sulking, I'm the example, for real, watch
Try it again, I'm bout to make it easy for you yall, just watch
You can kick and scream and yell but damn I'm only tryin' to help
[Unverified] stinging the hunt
The hunt dispatched a pack of wild dog silhouettes
All sulking by the skyline, focused with a bonus hunger pain
My sincere addiction imbalance stems
From a vintage grimace slap to the mug of
Ancestral branch camped on the vessels
Yes and I abide, the laws of the hidden desert survived
And every peasant presented it on the crescent less deprived
With the exception of pleasant finale binges
On the great endangered interests of phantom brigades
Slaving to save that princess
I double the negative, to no avail, no promised benefits
Just delegates peddling pairs of negatives
With magnified magnanimous appearance sandy sinners in opinion shut
Now what of the madness fragments? Stagnant
I oughta make a vision sing my twix cling to your pigeon wings
Vision militia indent benders , we've flooded Hell's kitchen sink
Walkin' eye civility simpleton citizen mixers to kiss the sky in unison
[Unverified]
Sinister city blistered corporate rule igans
All I really want's a nickel to feed my little pigs
[Unverified] Big Dick three cheers to the product
Consumer populace feed but never dreamed of the process
When a slanted advantage point sort of makeshift criminals
Date rape the hostage
Dream away the blame pain, yeah but it seeps through the cracks
And drips from the ceiling and smells the rich scent of my tracks
All I ever really wanted was a jungle, and a jungle I got
See it ain't the vision it's the plot that makes me stop
Try it again, I don't want to
Try it one more time
I'm not even interested anymore
i stood before the glittery borders of new radius in search of the fabled city of mud and crushed velvet, what i found was a gutter where the love of entertainment meets the lust for blood and demerits, cutters of the pie throw your summers in the sky, collar pop jolly roger, die motherfucker die, apache on the ship shape and bristol fashion snuck a jammy through the red tape and tip toe past him. worm teeth grinding feverishly below, as little organic hacksaws eager to feed and grow, so when it's blackhawk over the glass walk, they surface up through the cash crops with clippers for your belly-up mascots, and never dine alone, meanwhile back at sea level it was home by home zone for zone, bloom county's homeless riot for home ownership, i hope you put gas in the motor-home and know the roads, i studied with the finest combs stuck under my thumb as opposed to the loaded nose who pray armageddon is numb and that's unevenly rendered to those who grew up thinking faith was the surrender of reason but not a reason to surrender. catch the liberty fires catalog, 40 torched orchids and citronella for algernon, don and vagabond alike repent, this shit should have gone "beta burns babylon, the end".
chorus:
and when the radio stars climbed up out of the floors to murder the medium that shot 'em 30 years before they said...
and when the cutters of the pie throw your summers in the sky, no love lost baby the future is so bright...
nothing says charm like an armored car taking the clone-farm 'tards to the arms bizarre, we were the homemade marker makers born to pour the marsh ink into right guard parts and march through the gauntlet of car alarms, no harps, no delusions of losing with something prettier than ash around the metacarpal still clutching the teddy bears, we can run with scissors through the city fair or situate the nuzzle with the subtle art of splitting hairs, double park the shuttle, some will arc the funneled cutty sark where budding narcs target the gushing heart in the muddy clarks, these are the vices of the p-noid bastards who will chew whatever tablets blur the axioms fastest, crews lose lunches by the hundreds, lose electricity, lose gas, phone, plumbing, humming keep your mouth closed, keep your cows cloned, go, i am the pulse of this fucking town, homes, no. my what a convenient embargo, at least i'll always know which side of the gun i'm supposed to buy the farm from, the too-far-gone kicks still in the box, fix still in the pill in his sock ,chilling, gill in the slop, and a million watch gideon scribes, but once the arc honor pussy and bribes, the animals will divide and that's a win for the garish who keep charity in the parish while profiting off the lack of a marriage amongst the classes.
chorus
and when the radio stars climbed up out of the floors to murder the medium that shot 'em 30 years before they said...
and when the cutters of the pie throw your summers in the sky, no love lost baby the future is so bright...
the mobile infantry is so postal, coast into the quotient provoking the local pistol pete, choking his liberty and justice quotas and cloaking his folk in smithereens, smokey little pile of bloody pulp and co-dependencies. dopey no surrender bender in effect, sole defenders of the longest night new york had never slept, and there were jumping jacks and whistlers over christmas, like rockets from the crypt spilling the festive morning beverage of your preference, i step in hog heaven, stoney with no weapons, pissing on TelePrompTers, selling megaphones to hecklers, who broadcast 80 million versions of the sermon for that one indisputable masterpiece before the curtains, pale arcadian moon, high definition flat plasma, Imax city-wide transfer, artificial einstein-rosen out the tenement, ease into the xanadu, let it hammer the tension out, i'm talking cool, calm, dominant phenomenal, monitor face to the wall opposite. u.f.o.'s and locusts sing the same old song while the weathermen get retarded as the day is long
chorus
and when the radio stars climbed up out of the floors to murder the medium that shot 'em 30 years before they said...
and when the cutters of the pie throw your summers in the sky, no love lost baby the future is so bright...
Killings reflect the destiny of the village
So when 20 count regrets float down futility spillage
See I'll pass the broken arrow this time for certain
Yea but from here on out its hoofed mare or bare footed urchin
Dig in your person
Now exhibit true audacity and passively hack reason to ribbons
Your excused from the roundtable admissions committee
Activist legends turned hostage in fallen cities
Dirty earthlings circling vision immaculate
Spin me dizzy in a crosswalk
My too far gone mastodon senses inspect relentless
For fitted boogie systems with crook addictions
Well sure my crown is formed of thorns
Yea but my thorns are formed of sound
And I've found sounds what keep me warm
When the mornings born with frozen ground
Put a rope down pull me from where the buzzards clear
The meat from the bones you and your little badass mad max musketeers
When the silhoettes of emaciated frames danced on a highwire
Mistook for aspiring third world poster children
But is inserted ghost with dealin
Dead to administer links like chief then whats your forte
Tentacle dragger in disguise seeking the match made in your eyes
Friend it don't take the wisest men in triplicate pace unified
I don't condone the blasphemy hatchery's procreation
From the floods, to the fires, to the droughts, to the cyclones
Tidal waves to twisters, tornadoes, and hell stones
Whirlwinds, tropical storms, blizzards and monsoons
All of which I witnessed prior to waking up inside my room
Look at the crook as I panic episode tantrums
Fuck hugging my cool
The edginess readies the mock knock quick draw hence the duel
The company of similars couldn't excite the motor
But hermit crab Ace home alone-uh
One barrel of idioms and charcoal stick, courage under desire
Canopy draped beautiful messiah reluctant
Stuck in the pluck of the harp buzzing the fuzzing televison mixer
Book of saturated matches and a half-made bed
Pick of the litter, litter of the pick
Pack leader will huff cannibal fumes, mechanical zoom
There's ample room for
Stowaways inside the cargo bed
Said leech prior to firing up his barnacle magnet
Instincts leashing himself to where the wind spitting ice storms
And termite swarms are commonplace
I'm a trace this silver lining winding round the profit chase
I know there is good in you if one peels back the opulence
But I also know its ratio to bad don't feed my confidence
The nutrients will be intense circle
The clues units of success being personal
Then sucked basic diversion
Rusty anchor budget for nothing
Wedged between aesop rock and a scarred face of frustrated fuck yous Bound by concern
I can't believe I'm still concerned
I can't believe side children turn in their sleep over one-liners
Well I yield to hear your burns
Color me out of my skull draggin a wagon of creature features
And all I ever wanted was to aggravate the sleepers
Look self-crafted heroics murder worthless
Crash test ideologies, catalog alien doctrines type disturbance
Got em out, killing machines turn belly up
Buckled, the troubles I've seen
Coax twenty four sevens of wide eyes from day dreamers
Clean or dirty serpents in turn wish preference for the latter
Justified the germ's birth cauterize the gashes after
On my left, one finger for each burrough I can touch
On my right, one finger for each time that I wake up midsummer night
Who's cloaked in a pristine mantle of hellfire
But A-capital glaciers out the east slide lateral
Born for one task indeed
To spawn a citizen kane of oaks out this ugly duckling seed
Look I aint too attired of draggin the baggage over the seasaw seeds
When the reapers turns mortals to caspers
See the plain and stone conjurable can't mimmick the null
Of a billion troops holding matchsticks to empty cannons
Stand of a many moons when the sun hit the mountainside splendidly
Bask in the last warmth ever known to man's tangents
In the wink of an innocent starchild's eyelid drop he vanished
Managed to carve initials in the granite wall the damned it all tp
I hung with cats that do the donts
Cats that forage through the moats
Hoping eloping with soveriegnty and a cantine demon prodigies
I love the wake, the watch, the walk, the work
The well its almost six o'clock
I've never seen so many tugboats miss the dock (watch)
[Aesop Rock and Dose One]
This is not your ordinary ballad
With a perfect little bow around the middle
And a black man on a white horse
Or a white man on a black horse
It's got all these tired parts where
We don't even sing at random
Princess, raise the drawbridge
We don't serve your kind
It ends where it begins
And the beginning isn't pretty
Can't forget that not-so-perfect
Bow around the middle ('round the middle, 'round the middle...)
Har-bour (???) [said like har-bow?]
And it goes a little something like this..
[Aesop Rock]
New walk in a broken sole (???), pedigree incessant
Got (Gut?) the cruddy (???) frame
The zealots enveloped inside the belly of the blame
Cut-throats the result of pope jokes soaked in poacher constants
And now the jewel emits cold, wander prominent.. honour (honour)
I bought up silkworms by the bucket like starter kits
So you first bought a stitch
Joined damaged mammoth brigading caper
Nurse the tantrum with a fantasy chaser
I keep the spare wings strapped to my fuses
In case the hackers snatch the plumage
[Dose One]
So you mean these things are worth money
Now drifting off
This is the who-you-calling-homeless
Mock me fearful
Twisted ???? ???? and I got front row seats at the d-d-d-d-dead concert
And you're in it, Ichabod (???)
Running out of most (???) from the Alamo (???) we're moseying
My kind of people ???? ???? ???? ???? moseying (???)
With my eyes patched ???? ???? ???? universe
So I back it and gave my verdict (???) ???? ???? ???? ????
[Aesop Rock]
Oh it'll be soon (real soon)
???? ???? immune to doom blends
I eat ditch (???) in the kitchen 'til every spoon bends
A glance along tomorrow, sorry
Looking not at hopefuls (???), where's the raindance
My little flint never dreamed would flood unpotable
See I sanitize nothing for the sake of contemporary taste
Contemporary taste made my lip drop in the first place (incoming)
Hmm, yo why not be a czar, analyze fallen heroics
Recognize root of the worship, search and hold it
Who put the fun in dysfunctional? I..
Chronicle sun combustible, donkey-punching pinholes
In uncomfortables and conjunctionals for good (good)
Dr-rink up, slop a goblet of dirt wine (???),
I nurse a single application of introvert, serpentine
[Dose One]
Now a sunset without a scrape of red an-an-and plastic bag
Now sunk around his head (???) sick-sick-sick-sick... (???)
???? ???? ????
The sickness likeness in the roofer's eyes and his alone
And nothing terrible happened to the bag
???? ???? ???? ???? ????...
And brought on out...
And clouds...
The hiss cuts out... (???)
Suppose it's noise...
And the piano...
And the window frrraame... (???)
Sky and dirt that's fresh... kept
From where I'm going... holy other
Holy other, holy other, holy other...
[Aesop Rock]
be	-be	-be	-be	-be	-But
I've got charcoals in my heart, I've got charcoals in my heart
I've got charcoals by the armfuls that burn my armor apart
I've got charcoals in my heart, but I've got charcoals in my heart
I've got charcoals by the armfuls that burn my armor apart
[Dose One]
And before, when I said 'Shut the fuck up, it's none of your business'
That was to be in vain
You shoulda locked that up when you're all finished
Finished yet? Now uhm...
I usually finish this number with uh... my skull up (???)
[Aesop Rock]
Everybody rally around the novel burners, spit, murder the matches
Where the junkies trade diseases and the gullible trade passions
Then the masses want to lean on me like 'O Captain, my Captain'
Not considering maybe this oarman hosts orbit attachments...
[Dose One]
Button, button, who's got the button (???)
Take my name, please...
Button, button, who's got the button (???)
Leaks the little checker-men made out of lightning in my ????
Oh, you like to help with goats (?!?) see what I got in this here locket
[Aesop Rock and Dose One]
This is not your ordinary ballad
With a perfect little bow around the middle
And a black man on a white horse
Or a white man on a black horse
And I can't forget the not-so-perfect bow around the middle
Har-bour (???)
sulking and bulking a half
sulking a laugh crash test
figure the mixtures digging up his last breath
grief leaf thief briefly turned chieftan
the tapwaters on the waters off the waters leaking
so this is blue
my frame reportedly spotted garden variety burners and lost to normalcy
my terms the memoir obligation in the boodoir crystalize impurities to zero on the
autograph dirty characters sponges hunches hurling murder abundant lunches with the
city suppers punching (hurdling) tomorrow since I sit in consquence merging brings to
bubble up along the edges of precious child fantasy broken hi, my name is hazardous
tobaccanist im on the brink im purgin dirt and spit my lung in the sink as for the
product well its drenched in a barren backward wasteland of shimmering moral tension
and venturing the plaza pleasant i saw it all from pixie dust to crepid pins and
voodoo dolls and 99 dreams later the shooting gallery wall its like not a wave crash
similar to last or next heckle me not already doctored by regrets gray rain
beligerant fragments bomb acid ushering the pixels till the image burned classic
bliss in a barrel and motivation in a basket ima cast it out to sea and wait for my
comma to grasp it I left my crutch over the rainbow with my riches and I know the rat
race of the bad taste once his grimmace cringes an iron butterfly will float if given
good condition but im still fisihing the same worm from the same faulty posistion
prosperity
im tryin to walk alone and miss the bliss inide the accidental meeting of the pencil
and the ceiling and the censures started meeting breathing at a rappid calibur at
that a line so gray will last forever more dusting off the dreams to be an autopilot
still a silent understudy funny how the opposite will throttle and the different
stroke and model to the prison is innacurate portrayal of an addequate betrayal of a
wish gonna wanna coulda shoulda woulda did it isnt it amusing choosing and a plan of
cybernating waiting till the mating means of motivation took a fine posistion dishing
only after every little kiddy has performed I just wanna be a general he said I just
wanna I just wanna I just wanna be a general he said I just wanna sleep yo what a
long capitol crust gallop my charriot burning and aweful enigma sprung by the sling
of david appears gutterbug batch prior to hatch dismiss it as a soul condensing
excuse to decorate maps with thumb tacks this gold star product pushing hate boogie
themes enter the smoke screen blazing saddle remnants alive analyze pensive connect
all picket fences like chain gangs linked digging trenches to candy land image
factory sold ah I wanna be an astronaut I got the merits and heart and I bought a
starship with hard earned money from one hour selling dreams to dummies when they
raise the lights ja ja ja jesus christ ive never seen so many goblins in my life (oh
my lord) vibrate through the fog and then some dragging bent circuits on a short
leash like organ grinder primates dancing for bread crumbs well did you touch that
slugger banging on the table with an old tin cup thin luck I can raise the dead when
the shark settlers fled the place brung out they bed of nails to spread the sails
racing for milk and bread but I got big big plans i ride a big boat with a big ol
motor and I aint really that big on helping you turn your leaf over (lets sing) bring
out your dead a quarter pile sky high (lets see) what if your miserable saw the plant
fly by my name is try to deny magnificent doom craft my records so built and ima show
you why this fuckin globe tilts
take me where the air is clear i dont really know where but I know its not here and
every little step she takes makes me speak cause I know ill never have to sleep alone again
take me where the...
no more pencils no more books
I built the city out one brick
It had a mayor and a crook
I made the crook stab the mayor then slay himself in the guild
I stole the brick back and migrated east, now let's build
Every tenderfoot cadet better they be slit-throat percentages
chicken penmanship tied the thirteenth knot (Hangman)
I arrange panoramic of a plastic catalogue
and where wild dogs sing tailor-made lullabies tried by my offspring
I'll bring the butterflies and he can bring the centipedes
and she'll bring the cadavers set em' free and let em' feed
the devil tree penciled me in but I slept thick through my alarm sock
Slick Willy hid in the barn while farmer charmed the crops
and I'm a warden
my tongue is full of glass
because I promised my friend I'd chew up the bottle
if he truly drank the poison.
I'm alienating the mating man to the high ride, base tied,
face mine's and make God clones
We can manufacture medicine
cut into 5-digit slide clock the essentials in (I'll be a bill collector)
My destinies resting with red worms chewin'' off the carcass anyway
Let me slay artists for tips in the penny tray
by the way if that diamond ring don't shine
That's cause I bought it at the five-and-dime but don't neglect the sentiment
I'll pedal my tricycle through the f-5 logistics of a twister
Soaked in the religions of a nit-picker
Chorus
If I botched the operation I apologize (sorry)
The air's rooted in carbon
I'm but a mortal archer parked in amber waves of starlets
I'm fresh out of Geppeddo's woodwork asylum
cedar frame, wire-bound knuckles
let a tug of the puppeteer steer my hustle
well when a page becomes a squire, re-engage, clap your wings
When a noble's demoted
hope it don't sucker-punch the colonies
but when the catapult releases lease your claims behind the bunker
and fasten stinger pageant results to the public eye (glory hunter)
is it genuine enough to feel baby felon
Negotiate comradery of wills
hows this my little loom
perv surgeon with dirty dominion monitor boxes
hovering inches 'bove pertinent urchin toxins
Now y'all ain't excused from table side
till the dinner plates fly
slurping' liquid happy citzen enhancer
I got this slicky sycamore head shaker
mimic stitch and splinter entry
thereby filtering citizens hit-man prior to acts descending (tight)
cats know the ambiance calm beyond comparison
captive, passive spring loaded serenity
I'm trying to give this city acupuncture
shovin one-way pins in subway systems
stand up where I'm layin, now that a runway vic (push)
made you go batty, spreading spawn legitimate
spice the bishop, sever the ties, splinter the kinship
see every now and again I love life but hate to admit it
cause it spreads the jinx on a sleeping cynic
chorus
I'm quadruple six plus scruples category mayhem stems
so one overlooked the scene including loopholes
when Christ studies the return ramifications
I'll burn the campus to impress him
then rock like medusa glances
You ran the final mile before the blanks blow
home alone sippin beetle juice
just to numb and then shimmy the needles loose
I built a castle out of fifty-two cards
plus jokers with an image
modern theory jars us while remaining harnessed to the vintage
I'm mad at how far this is dishonoring Akham's Razor
but it seemed so being fatigued knuckle work (labor)
I've patched the little leakage in the shell around my greed
In case Tommy Turbulence located the matrix then impedes(ooh)
whistle b in dirge bout the boogie burst classic
helen fell in haunted machines screened by similars
that pagan act of suicide came to the daggers surface
due to one queen who lodged the faith inside a broken circus
me and my stargazer from woodwork serve the furnace (right)
pittin and discoloring up the lung that stung the serpent
I cherish the ferris wheel revolutions
its not because the ride enthralls
more simply to the fact that it still revolves
nursed in a bracket televis plastics and sacchirine (well)
I oppose mass panic
the repressed fantasy cadetts pose with a latch key demenor
returning to find a home vacant with no similars to compare days with
so lets build
I don't shrug instead of the ramifications of my shovel
Lovin' the consequences of uprooting the jungle
I'm huggin' the cyclo Gemini stooped contenders from viewin' the puzzle
I don't budge the motives encased inside the gauntlets hung in quotas
I don't budge the motives encased inside the gauntlets hung in quotas
My kitchen sink leaks like your itching to speak a secret
'Bout the world spins yet nobody's pledged allegiance and why?
His beaming smile knew a private agony that burns
And when the children met divinity I sat to watch the merge
It goes pandemonium live
Ya'll mutha fuckers stand up volunteer tantrums while your playin summin vivid
Play your sympathy card till the misery clash
And a basket case is in a classless matrix with elastic stitches
Raggin' a bag of lonely poem remnants
Short of breath like you're short of fresh
You're a portable mess
Carpetbagger spearheading tear peddeling pretentious art critics, orphans
Trying to dismiss those pioneering their fortunes
You're a spectacle
Pushin' for pedagogue lacin' up paper weights walkin' on stilts talking
You touched the hand of god and I'm like
What are all these evils that plagued the hearts of man
By sweet talking border patrol until they fold and let them in
You got your life in a basket before you could say instant classic
Like the king of the mountain requires a boost
I'll bury the hook in my belly just to volunteer at live aid clinics
For the thrill of 9 great mimics with 18 bloody lips, spittin
Beanstalk, chalking outlines before figures fly
Walking uphill trying to get down
Prominent ghost town litigate battle pitch darkness
When the light switch hits the artistry circuit board breaker
Service in the greater half of nature
See money go wild shook when the exploitation incubated lovely
Warmingly piggy leader colony to comfort
Numb enough to deny the sin pins and evil needles even punctured
Till he won't define his tourniquet still functions
I don't shrug instead of the ramifications of my shovel
Lovin' the consequences of uprooting the jungle
I'm huggin' the cyclo Gemini stooped contenders from viewin' the puzzle
I don't budge the motives encased inside the gauntlets hung in quotas
I don't budge the motives encased inside the gauntlets hung in quotas
Burn burn em mostly
Stuck unplucking plumage out the poultry
Soaking in bulk on a sofa with duct tape upholstery
Dirty doc stellar space medic
Stoned by the commoners for glowing
Pseudo bloaters buy them beats till bloated
Happy trail hitchhikers guide to spanning oblivion
Complete with a thankless 9-5 chapter
You can sign your life after the facts
Wicked soldiers pickin' with buddy system logistic motors like noah's ark ticket holders, pivot
All in a days breath
I guess
Sandman hit up or shatter a day when television run over baboon heart transplants
Sketching a glass partially empty till their hand cramps
With a iceman dance (?) and stand with a (?)
But maybe I do
Yeah yeah maybe it's all over, maybe I won the game before the machine ate my quarter
I mean absorbing attention's a must
You don't wanna be overlooked
Yeah but you don't wanna be looked over too much
One up for the dashed hopes of fifty fishermen who crashed boats
And the angels who never hit a bad note when harmonizing
I'm an armour plated farmer
I'm an archer rising with a drawn bow for the karma where the bulls eye clings and argues
Dense, spreads like new names at the writers bench
Either you drink it or sink it, 'cause there ain't no sitting on the fence
You make me chuckle child, it's hells kitchen now, miss
Recognize your life is merely bait for bigger fish
I don't shrug instead of the ramifications of my shovel
Lovin' the consequences of uprooting the jungle
I'm huggin' the cyclo Gemini stooped contenders from viewin' the puzzle
I don't budge the motives encased inside the gauntlets hung in quotas
I don't budge the motives encased inside the gauntlets hung in quotas
I don't budge the motives encased inside the gauntlets hung in quotas
I don't budge the motives encased inside the gauntlets hung in quotas
Encased inside the gauntlets hung in quotas
Encased inside the gauntlets hung in quotas
[Chorus]
Get up to get down now
Get up to get down now (like this)
Get up to get down now (like this)
Get up to get down now (alright)
I don't wanna do it anymore
Couldn't do it if I tried, wouldn't do it if I wanted it
Hey
I don't wanna do it anymore
Couldn't do it if I tried...
[Verse 1]
Okay
The moments were subtle but unstolen and guess who owns them
No friendly, non-threatening corporate lacky mucks in the totem
Lucy was in the sky with diamonds
Five dollars to hold them
The summer beneath these Pac-Man's with acid behind his molars
Little white tab hollering, little white flag waggling
Inorganic pat on back, trim the panic flat on backer
Back to back like Mad Hatter magic
Rabid mastif collaborative
Splatter bachelor fabric fatter with Cabbage Patch lit
(Dark days)
Banded Louie-Louie
(Park blades)
Chemically bent-up but eager to crash for that one, two, three repeater
Good morning Vietnam
Whose couch is this, whose house is this, who are you down with bitch?
I'm sorry, dog, I dreamt the foulest shit
There was this rabid foot talismen drowning out of my armspan
What's fouler was the other farmhands growing gills and shark fangs
What's fouler was my torso stripped to ribbons in the marshlands
But I'm up now
Let's get this window pane and shut the fuck down
Down by the river where the litter sits
And lionheart critters smoke dope and act like illiterates
I ran with a brat pack of loose bolts and high social maladjusties
Sacred, numb, and boundless went to same proto called cookie
Well, I was dummy to some when my tongue was cradled and my skin looks crazy
Pocketbook mirror, courtesy Amy
Spiders in the mattress, paisley sunglasses, dialated eyes green
Ice grill that could burn through your picture-in-picture widescreen
Poison late late show starring Aes and his jigsaw face
Twelve hour solid gold entertainment
Other shit to sell from other ships that sell they DD paper
(Space Invader)
This one's for the labor days worked for rent and rolling papers
Only the illest beats leak asbsurdly out the boombox
The daytripper anthem goes: "Wake. Drop. Walk to Aquarium."
Whistle while you work like a canary lung
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy to carry drugs
I sorta see it as my last flash summer
Skateboards and sloppy psychedelics and big numbers
Good times, good people
All airbrushed on a collapsible easel
Peace man, easy
[Bridge]
And I knew the permanancy would drift
And I knew the ph balance wasn't right
And I knew the crash and burn, how to caress it
L.S.D. flashed the message
And I knew the gash wasn't gonna stop bleeding
And I knew the ph balance wasn't right
And I knew how September would then affect it
L.S.D.
[Verse 2]
Lazy summer days
Like some decrepit land shark dumbluck squad dog lurks sicker, deluded
Last sturdy domino leans secluded
Don't let stupid delusions lesson super-duty labor students
Dragnet lifer solutions
Daddy loves sloppy dimensions like son-daughter links
Such determinated leopards, successfully disshelved
Little soliders developed like serpents despite life sentence ducking
lemmings
Some don't like sobriety's dirty lenses
Some do let sleeping dogs lie still
Don't look so damn lackluster
Suck defeat
Love some damage, load sample delete
Late Show, Dave Letterman, shitty diner lip-slide dutch
Low self-discipline leader seek dead lung self-destruct
Life sucks dickhead
Lost summer's display laminate showcasing divinity
Live system definitive
Liturgy soaked the pig lowly, spectactular delight
Why, what kind of L.S.D. you like?
Your lizard king has spoken (all hail)
You in the back, get them up, those trails are necessarily bumped
(Summertime)
Some'll try and recapture the same flag
But I played it smart and recognized the summertime passed
[Chorus]
Aesop Rock (Aesop Rock)... (x16)
Is a love such as that which I exhibit for my practice
The factor which then amalgamates debates with straight-jackets and ROBES
Huddled in brackets that blacken the average globe
Xenophobe, loathe to modify the fly, feel this...
I carve a notch in my wall for every stall
every fifth mark slants diagonal to symbolize your downfall
Drunky peasants, honor the shifty megatron presence
Slug a bolt once ceremonies of merit turn blood sport (Uh)
Fought in hella high seas, I freeze your mega dumb company
Pumpin' out wise beads like, fly sneak-attacks on dry leaves DUNCE
Crooked rumors turn zoomers when rookies talkin'
Bad seeds blossom the wookie walk, hawkin'
Let a sucker drift, I lift up every stone prone to find
the point at which repellent signals ultimately bind
When a pack of style mimics see my brans target the cluster
I advance clutchin' the mic like bully to knuckle duster
Innocent, your riddles yield a little plastic blend
Fuck a badge, light a bonfire, dance a jig around a pig
Figurin' yeah, I'll land a plan on bleached fame trackers
using only the finest im post-modern terrain mappers
Once my brethren disperse ...
My God, you think the heaven's touched the earth then
Thirstin' a perch on a bursted curse
But I don't confide wine and water chose me
Bored, lasso down Polaris, let the glow amuse me
OK I lay me down to sleep, creepin' a slumber under red skies
Heads splittin', straight sippin' a drip of dead vibes
It's red tides from here, stop and smell analog hell
Clenchin' a stench of burnin' logics and a child with yearning
optics...
Now someone's approached the ropes, shaking like snow-globes
Others sought safety in numbers, other's flows got towed under (yeah)
Still another took a turn and crashed and burned while others flee
But there will never be another starvin' marvel like me
See, there's a time when... rhymin'...
Pain combined can't even manage to tell what the swell is, like
Picture your imagery embellished with the hellish aspects of the swans
for lone facets
Soul crafted fat cats, burrowin', left perrenial tenants discouraged in
Discussin' my foresees and flourishing, Uh!
Searching, perching, poetic lead poison
Poised, imploised to leak a little bit of boisture on your pride
I'm a, animated style machine in
a veening faulty production fueled by nicotine suction
From tux in my carnivore to vipers in my garden
You flash identify by the genus, species and class
Start to chuckle
Buckle the architecture until it fell through
Kill the survivors then raise the dead for shock value
By the time the pending settlements fully negotiated (yeah I'll...)
I'll have put a sonic youth to get myself situated
It's like sadly, my style spooks juveniles like Boo Radley
Radically weak assume the Colonel Kurt's in our platoon soon enough
That's one bluff call, toughens the searcher
Stuttering, emerging, gutter urchin, bursting
I live for the moment of truth when Big Willy rapper
acknowledges failure and states "Goddamn my shit is trash"
"It's time to let go", the tin man bangin' upon his chest to hear the echo
Heartless kid, hollow compartments
See we the people of the united, starving artistic
Militia keep movin' in order to form a more perfect union
I'm cluing into the poison panoramics brewed in panic situations
It fucks a little with my brittle gift
I tell myself "Stay" (Stay)... up high
make a mockery of Sun and moon and star til they hand over the sky
My de luxe is, fluxes, pivots to where the crux is
Invade the town while village elders holler "Who the fuck's this?"
See hipper cats, aggravated trudge through the muds
Quickin' ones, plots thicken like, coagulated blood
Rugged serpentines climb, pebble to rock
Let your pretty pink cloud nine expectations please you not
I'm, Ae-fuckin'-sop Rock, mic bizarro
Proper application of the soul by my standard
Candid once position from which instigations spawn
And man, I plan to die with a mic in my hand, it's like...
Abandon all hope yo, abandon all hope, it's like
Abandon all hope yo, abandon all hope...
[Aesop Rock]
Wake up, wake up
Ayo Percee P, it's time to wake these kids up
[Percee P]
Word up Aesop Rock, they'd better take their fingers off
pause and hit record
[Aesop Rock]
Is you fat cats or lab rats?
Trails to my steppin got em sweatin flashbacks
I played a part of minesweeper, plunking sneakers in my sunken city
Defunct, and apparently examinin' famine, I'm a
Volatile strobe while your blind spot swallows the globe
Sing to the track and think back
When I was a boy I employed styles exhausted
By every lost child at present
Normally I drill pillars of normalcy
You're cordially invited to accompany me
In rotation of the tables to label the opposition
As I choose, refusing to evolve with the cold
Rapidly dissolved my involvement in a solvent of soul and roll back
Brain trip the Beta weights trap for the slaughter
Like livestock infected with anthrax
On my call a pack or clan snaps, collapsed was the mandatory maze
On the fluids ???? and glory days
Desire on the opposite circuit and glorious days
Is glorious hazes of gray spun through my array of operation
Slave to idiot box revalations
And wrapped tightly in a practice with my colleagues and slackers
20,000 league nappers and the swelling increases
Once the mortar hit the pestal your whole vessel fell to pieces
And I laughed, I laughed for me and my Starving art family
I laughed tangibly, your failures ampin me to vamp fresh
My mic stabs white flags and drag trembling
Devil skin-wearers through the terrors of compliance
Once the day turns night, senoritas suck the woody like termites
And wonder how they got labeled dick-hungry damsels in distress
The all new and improved poetically portable Aesop Rock
Available in stores with my, highly suggested parental discretion
99 brilliant new dimentions
[Percee P]
I'm not your average man bragging, toe or hand tagging
50 grand bagging, pants sagging, trigger nigga on the bandwagon
Huh, I know this nigga named Rickey his girl Nikki want to get with me
Says "Stick me just a quickie, lick me and leave a hickie"
I stick instead of tricking bread in this chickenheads
One look and said I ain't shit in bed, she must be licking lead
You'd better let your gods recognize the Rhyme Inspector hides
And never sweat them lies about me haters check your eyes
One verse, lung burst, as I done first
Guns, slums, hearse don't stun Perce, where I'm from's worse (sucker)
My new cuts are hot, bodies chewed up a lot
Then flew up the block to a cipher, blew up the spot
Stacks of rhymes, ain't a match for mines, tracks and shine
Leave you back in time in a ?beeler? still ain't at my prime
I'm a stab your face in, trial and shit is wild
I turn the dial, niggas stealing my style
I should file for reparations
Shooken to Casper. Illustrate beautiful disaster. Flight of the mothership lift to badger the male-factor. Marionette vs. the threat of wire cutter function. Stereotypical grinch bashing your pumpkins. Plug. Try to count up your warrior hatchling batch before gestation segment ended and head a platoon of embryonic remnants to the game board. Release Japanese beetle swarm to counter the spread of bitch crops, demolish the harvest and herd colony out immediate. One massive attack. Hunted, confronted and gutted. Most pungent component cloned in outrageous bunches. From the grimacing faces to the knots in my shoelaces, I'm a show you all the phases of a fuck up. Plucking the petals but every rose had its thorn. Consider that first warning, second will be good times, laughs and epitaphs. As a matter of basic principle next I set my boat a sail. I won't always be there for your tugging on my coat tails. Family stuck. Voyage of the S.S. Martyr. Who you think put that unseen iceberg in the water? Manufacture flotsam and jetsam from out your charter. We got the once pushovers pushing back a little harder now, blink. I think I can. I got grips. Muckraker major spin circles 'round sunken ships. Walk an invisible city of lost clans and he's jealous 'cause my silhouette had more dimensions than his game plans.
CHORUS
Fascination. Fascination. And everything I do I'm fascinated with, That's why I pass the hated wasteland with a grin, 'cause in the end I got my passions while you splash in a puddle of trying to pick apart the puzzle. Fascination. Fascination. And everything I do I'm fascinated with. That's why I pass the jaded grips of competitors who initiate disturance with a smirk, 'cause I feel I got direction in my work.
And everything I touch magnificent. Picking apart a drunken township. Sitting in the rain rusting the nails my crown's bound with. If I had an anchor I would lay it in the dirt and mark today the day the earth stood still while I complete my search. You honor delusions and falsified life comfort systems as boy in the bubble huddled up to simple simon subtle. Born tomahawk. Shock the peanut gallery loopy. Debate the cutesy, groupie, cupie doll community. And I'm hung in a virtual skin and bones emaciated ringworm circus freak bloodthirsty intern trainee urchin feast with a delectable style compiled of that which stands to buff a child's yellow brick vision of slick living. I observe the stories from my fire escape observatory. First I herd the glory, then desert the herbs that word it poorly, understood? Well, maybe a pat on the back for the lucky losers who truly felt they were born to touch the music. I catalog cats as welcome mats, and for the ones insisting on dimming the stars I wipe my snearkers extra hard. I wish upon a penny toss that every servant will betray his gatekeeper and leap to reap the freedom fighter mad galaxy. Huff the war gas vapors and cram hard for tomorrow. Brother, I own twice my wiehgt in patience. Be it padded cubicle or beautiful tomb, I'll be listening 'til you whistling that more suitable tune.
[Verse 1]
Diamond colored spine
Armadillo armor that bends around the blades
Bugs in the beard
Ebony in the lungpiece
Bricks in the Timbs
Bazooka in the tooth that he's flashing at your friends
This is the lifestyle, baby
Know and sip the recipe
Not a single innocuous side up in the centerpiece
Oh my god
Journalists across the globe are officially critiquing my first eight bars
[Verse 2]
Piety for the fam, embargo piggybackers
Navigate sim-city backwards
Bazooka Tooth, baby!
Zephyrs less dextrimental expect to tone down terrordome for starter crews
Like jousting Pompeii with a garden hose
If you wake up to the sound of helicopters bumping Wagner
It's bodycast to Pilates class
Buckle in the Bronx back alley batting cage with bottle smacks
Drag them prophecies, be them celestine or Mothman to the bumper boat monster mash
See, the pristine kittens fiddle with new yarn
Decrepit sickly dogs get shot behind the barn
One shan't put in long hours like Tim Leary's lava lamps
To be second headlined under the boy born with lobster hands
Isolated, biological phenomenon
First nocturnally orchestrated car alarms
Y'all sketch portraits of your neighbors, tack em up without fail
See a robored pitchforks and alligator tails [?]
Offical Max Fischer Blume break cable clipper (Def)
Picket train buffer, the riverboat, and the switcher (Jux)
Pipe-dreaming that so fresh and so clean plummage
Is an appleseed of bore that resorts to Bazooka Tooth shit
You don't want me smiling at your cameras
1 of 4...
My name is Ian Mathias Bavitz
I was born in 1-9-7-6, at Biosfet hospital, located in Long Island, NY
I am 6 foot, four I weigh 2-0-0 pounds
I have brown hair and green eyes
I enjoy writing songs, painting, movies and diner food
I have two brothers, Chris and Graham
and two parents, Paul and Jameija
In august of 2-0-0-1 I went crazy..
This was originally not for public consumption
This was made for four people... four people that literally saved my life
They know who they are..
And ahhh I mean I could live to be a thousand years old and never re-pay them
I don't think this song would pay them
But hopefully by putting it out, push the bank a little further..
This ain't a burner for the whips (no it isn't)
This ain't even Aesop Rock fly earthworm demeanor (no it isn't)
My name is Ian Mathias Bavitz and I was born in Long Island, New York
Seventy Six, before Graham and after Chris... OK
In August of 2001 my seemingly splinter-proof brain bone, scaffolding imploded
I kept it on the hush, but nearly tumbling
to the cold hard concrete on near bodega trips
for cigarettes and soda, shook me to casper
Dizzy with a nausea chaser, motor sensory eraser
Gorophobe tunnel vision, guilt, self loathing arrangements
Rose rapidly out a bog I'd never fished in
that abates three separate foreign meds
While I use the hook line and sinker simple fishing
Simple primitive self taught, easing of soul, mind and body
but the symptoms rejected my cave-man modus operandi
So now it's one fish belly up, through medicated mileage
Shrinks that get 250 an hour for awkward silence
And, I'd be lying if I said all of this
made even the slightest fragment of sense to me
That's real... Simply put
I don't know what happened, or what's still happening
I literally feel like I'm teetering on the blunt edge of my sanity
JAIME, I killed the robots and I'm sorry
Broke down in front of you, embarrassed
but you lent a heart and hand that only you could
you're one of my best friends and yes I'd take that bullet for you
That's my word, which is about all I have left
TONY, I know you know I'm crazy, 'cause you told me
but that did never bother you, I hold you as my brother 'til death
And I got your back if ever the drunk goblin step
for makin' a cat laugh, when I was walking with the dead
KATHERINE, mother figure, older sister, concerned be a limits
Letting me know I wasn't the only one with this
Continuous offers for vacation, Chicago visits
Talked me through repair of a head full of broken pistons
RIYAH, for the late night movie rentals and the company I needed
An' you knew it, but I just wouldn't admit it
You listened to me blab about my issues for hours
Offer incredible advice, gave me a hug when I was finished
Am I a jack of all trades? Nope... I like to write songs tho'
Are they good? I dunno..
But I could tell you that I only write shit down when I believe it
So take this how you want, but know I mean it
I want you all to know that I'm scared
Out my fuckin' crooked soul and never faced a monster like the last few months
ever in my whole life... I wish I could explain this better (I can't)
But the pieces won't formulate it to anything even close to cohesive
So I guess this is my feeble way to thank you
Four soldiers that extended something sacred off the purity of kindness
I owe you all my life and please don't argue with that statement
'Cause without y'all I may not have a life to offer, take it
Thank you
I wish I could explain this better. (Thank you)
I'm sorry for burdening your pleasures. (Thank you)
I love you all with all that's left of me. (Thank you)
For helping try to kill what made a mess of me. (Thank you)
Somehow, someway. (Thank you)
I'ma get you back someday. (Thank you)
Just gotta figure this all out... So..
I guess it is kind of funny when you look at it from a step back
How one man can literally buckle under the same pressures
Other men operate normally under
I have soaked this out from all angles, walking through time
I have been over everything in my head, still I can't think anymore
But I guess some times, when you can't breathe, there are people there
to breathe for you
I am lucky enough to have those people around me
Thank you for helping me to not die
Thank you for helping me to not die
Pocket full of pennies, and a soul gone tilt
Cockpit full of memories and a dream full of guilt
These lil', lil' fuckin' Martians
You gotta love em' though
Mars attacks wit' electric gats
Not for sapien abduction (what's up then?!)
Billy took a laser to the mug piece; hallowed out the mandible
Channel headquarters order the cannonballs (Mars attacksssss)
We have high demands column to this pigeon ankle
And boomeranging' our harvest; 51st area sickness
Not a threat, an area witness won't injure the promise
Monster lead- carry your ligament fanged in the mosh pit
Dodge vapor, labor days are major A sir
Cater the alien decomposer soldier platter like cabbage check eight
I told her "go for C4 magic's"
Smolder as the Bazooka Tooth holster fabric
(This fucker's rabid and still breathing!) (Hiding cabbage!)
Oh, the heater claps to leave me
I'ma ninja this shit wit' sugar in the fuel tank of a saucer
Buddy up and head down to the metal corporate tunnels
Ice pick the soldered ship wiring; pissed of the mother and um,
I'd be lying if I said I knew your intentions
See my sexy sabotage seeks defensive action to save the race
You land in hand on board to mention magma (Blaze the place!)
Red five revival there's wires in the bible
Obviously, ultra take advance when I point counterpoint
Comparison of ET verse little old freak me (She be on somethin')
Hey riddle sweet peas wit' your nickel PCs; fickle CDs, miserable TV sitcom (typical!)
Pathetic. Ritual. Collective slackership
Beautiful establishment; you aint established shit! I consider you foul
Prowl back to the numbers under burnt pride in the dark (sup yall!)
They want us dead or alive without the 'aliiivee' Part
The sun rose over a body bag shortage
Last week I was like 'god bless the saint that invented the cordless'
This week I saw the re-wrap of the bull's-eye of my worship
Temple body slash bull-cabinet Mastermind diversions (Fuck yall!)
Lets do this shit, my movement soothes any space invader practice
Stomped under enemy like "Hey what now, bitch!?"
Hiding human hear me rise above material and cardinal sin
They shot me in the face
Mars wins (X5)
(Puffin' smoke) Run around with your face on fire
(Jet-black smoke on the horizon) Black smoke in the air.
Maaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrsssss wins! (I thought you would like it)
(We gon' make it) Who you screaming at dog?
I got this! (Lets go)
Zig zag zookah, pinnacle stitch
Unleash the unlimited edish primitive piss
I'm singin' cynical maybe the most military ops
Monkey! Here's elephant, and it drops
We on a three-ringed prong ancient elephant tusk
Bitter, at fully (break bread!) you shruggin' it off
Keep it electric, sure, But NY Electra's not about electric wars
Never seen a poor man's glimpse set fake (Last page!)
Three, two, one, domesticate!
In the corner of the cave reinventing the wheel and roll out funny
Sittin' on them Barney Rubble twenties, subtle
Sippin' Saber tooth blood puddle-
I could roll with the lackey's, that's if we hustle
Knuckle in the mud, hell's bells in the chuckle..
Red-berried face means smugger round the muzzle
I'm allergic to the now-born solo panel cutters stole quo to the core (dirt mess!)
Stone cold's hands out core cryogenics, stubborn
Can't talk shit wit' a tongue full a' rug burn!
Bad cholesterol through blood sugar
Four-piece heartbeats wit' a subwoofer!
I'm not asking you to act like you notice (Oh Aesop's SO Mesozoic.)
Now what if in the cabin built the old pulping?
Opened the mirror, stole a pulse with the voltage
Keeping me alive is the vibe with the Vulcan's (hope!)
I'm the divine catapult (Catapult!)
I break it down to the bunk for the crooks wit' the goals of a angel
Eat. Sleep. Fuck.
Structural droids; more bangs for the buck
But they want a last stegosaurs - thorns in the glove (buck wit' it!)
Prehistoric land shark business, cradling the arms of the car man's kidney
Swarm to the sickly thawed out the glacier
Beggin' for the freezer burn; back every day sir!
Sir, your science loves to fuck nature
Sir, your right to the dawn of my day sir
Sir, your violent laugh homing beacon's never set;
Who chase till we all catch vapors
Don't call it a sound-off, "Mars Attacks" be the malarkey downfall
It's not a game no more, run from the flash, leave your penny at the door
A lot of magic gadgets; give em' all back just to nullify the savage
Mic's crumble we be rockin' right; in the year of the Troglodyte
Saw a grey mouse rabid poured on a board to the dull morose world like a lull in a storm
And I know you was hopin' that the piece for the ox was a dull sword, ah
(Guess what, it's not!) Guess what else, I transmit from the block!
T-Rex - X-Ray with triple X Hex (give it up!)
For the yesterdays, or the next I can assure you if the RZA got the sword, (dead flesh!)
Aint no time left. (Keep ya head up now)
Maaaaarrrrrrrrssss wins! (I thought you would like it)
Your head will be down in the dirt
We'll end it real quick
Maaaaarrrrrrrrssss wins! (See how strong you are then..)
Your head down with a mouth full of pebbles
That's it man, no time left.
Ya'll keep talkin'. It'll get you nowhere...
[Sample from Sing-A-Song]
"You can come, I'll leap right over
Any day you like
System 605, Union 91"
[Aesop]
I forever wallow in glitches grimly distributed by side effects
Consumed, cocooned in antisocial trenches drenched!
Gridled between dense pillars of polar value lies
a grey so blueless it's got eye fiendin for the sky
Synthesized lies rise synthetic
Sittin inside solidified plastics who's latteral burns germ compatible
My firm's radically piloted, dodging a fire swiftly
Yellow brick stalker walking shifty
I am but a prototype metroid programmed to holocaust style
while you're soakin in the stages of denial
Your petty soldiers seem fragile like Jaquemetti sculptures
Embedded in aramatic cultures. We's rock steady vultures
Plus I's the guise of rowin a soul
My wingspan stands flags in the snow of the poles
Bezerk
Swerve my alignment towards solitary confinement and jade it
Stripping, color my passion mitigated
Slipping
[Ann Colville]
You always seem like a small grey cat to me
Sleepin underneath the silvery moon
Paws curled beneath your head
'til the sun came round just around noon
And you would greet me, purring in your doorway
Drawing up your tail around my hips
And I would go to your mouth wide open
waitin for my nourish to come from your lips
And I move you
And you like it
Just enough
To let me
But I hate you
Cause you're lonely
And you know how
To forget me
[Aesop]
For the love of my personal practice I reside
where obstructive fluxes and societal withdrawl collides
Slide fuel by the fury
Spun a ring around my honor
but the opulence took shelter in my horror
Melancholy masquerade
Cast amongst the braiding of biligerence
and blazing terror that blew the lock down off my placement
I stay special agent till the sky falls
Reverse the curse till my fellow lost children disperse
[Ann Colville]
And your footsteps leading down the pathway
never seem to be quite like my own
Your mind is smokey circles
it blinded me till I turned towards home
And you would watch me far in the distance
hands held high above your head
I only leave the territory where there's nothing left, to be said
And I move you
And you like it
Just enough
To let me
But I hate you
Cause you're lonely
And you know how
To forget me
[Sample from Sing-A-Song]
"You can come, I'll leap right over"
[Aesop]
I make music and connect color to canvas
Swoop down from the trees with potpourris and other bandits
Landed randomly upon the valleys of the grimace
Saw my planted leaf stars burnin from the oustide in
Meaning your clout lies thin
Salt prep the blades prior to five phase in my ever changin underworld
Serate a day to decorate a traitor
That sting never fades like belly wounds from sling blades
Follow my portion, Im gonna swallow distortion and spit the filter
[Sample (Sing-A-Song High Tone Voice)]
"You can come, I'll leap right over
Any day you like
System 605, Union 91"
Take me to the basement
let me count the holes in your foundation
ancient ridicule system alert, kissing my lurk
the perch of rare grimace on iron mask
i remember science class
if chemistry could silence the lions laugh I'd be fine
(i fail tah) molindone up
adrenaline trades the leaves that walk the plank
before the crimson struck a match this season
meridian carpal will jolt your logic
when the burn earned its self normalcy for 20 plus
run a muck or sink, swims not an option
she applied the lipstick slow
slow enough for me to bask in
fast enough for me to wish it lasted
past my alarms cackling
the front line of its mystique's geek
doubled my proposals,bargains
for the ogers who prefer the roller coasters
(i prefer the roller coasters)
well that'll sip the blood of merry men
that'll grace holiday carols when the merry ends
barrel past the auto craft, exhale into final raft
and pirate your local rain puddle torturous
try to shake pilot fish off your dorsal fin
lets dive through the archives, synax on frantic ?
stamp it with a noteable brand to reek the profit
see i don't know hell but I've read about it often
sounds like a dope concept gone wrong
(note to caution)
Take Me to the basement
lets zoom into that war paint sensation
Take Me to the basement
lets dis-sable the cause rotation
sayin, if you choose to build or you'll die by the tools you build with
so make some noise for all your predecessors reppin dirty grill-age
Take Me to the basement
lets deny the nervous rooms of pacin
Take Me to the basement
lets review the hearts ramifications
sayin, if you choose to build or you'll die by the tools you build with
so make some noise for all your predecessors reppin sturdy grill-age
Take me to the basement
lets remove the costume you escaped in
hold up your legacies,I'll tell you which ones my favorite
hold up your elacerative innocence
I'll teach you about the perks of patience in seminar format
I've worn that hat for seven years
that's why its discolored,ragged and shitty
i ain't about to toss when its been through all these dream wars with me
ima undercover profit,thrift shop god
i rather starve then sit inside this gridlock till it parts
this tailor made rutiny ain't suitin me
it's tied around my neck like 13 loops rafter an apple box
heartless harvest of mine,I'm tired of pissin benediction
maybe it ain't healthy,but sometimes i rather burn then let you help me
it's getting brisk, brisk as fuck
my skin ain't thick enough ,these icicles ain't civil
how many freezer burn victims can one society on tilt manufacture
prior to hire,being intervening just to release last laughter
and every tree trunks made of third rails with tourniquet branches
and i learned to walk with an anchor in my back pocket
and man i read palms during even the most brief handshakes
and man i ain't alive to pull the weeds around the spotlit
well I'm wallowin, followin my little lost princess to the promise land
hollerin my potent slogan,hell if Nostradamus can
conquering these open roads with throttle pin to floor
cause Ima win right after i finish these chores
Take Me to the basement
lets zoom into that war paint sensation
Take Me to the basement
lets dissable the cause rotation
sayin, if you choose to build or you'll die by the tools you build with
so make some noise for all your predecessors reppin sturdy grillage
Take Me to the basement
lets deny the nervous rooms of pacin
Take Me to the basement
lets review the hearts ramifications
sayin, if you choose to build or you'll die by the tools you build with
so make some noise for all your predecessors reppin sturdy grillage
Television, all hail grand pixelated god of
Fantasy, murder scape and perspective
Fuck a sore channel changed digit
I sit with a nasty network intervenes plan
With a stable diet of my cable pirate
Yo, the doctor is in, the doctor is on
Born the bastard son of static radiance cloned to Welcome in every home
Lead a blue screen, bruised dream canopy
Victim of the cursed nursed Technicolor drunk support team
Ooh, I love all advertisements
Though accused by robot news casters who capture and pollute
Spoon fed hazardous fog to joy luck catholic squad
Please take me, please calm me, please make me a zombie
Please I want to donate my brain to the monstrous Panasonic profit
Now, twenty first century plagued
Dispersed to wide eyed glamour addict patients
Telecast patrons
Blue be the propaganda banners, well, sure I'll be a Marine
With a clean sword and blue uniform, it only takes a dollar and a dream
And I abide great idiot box power supply, fuzz vapor,
Black out of New York, hey honey, get the generator
I'm in a doom, doom generation, pacin', ancient electric secret
Never sleepin' to miss the AM oasis
My name is a wired heart, sloppy obligation
Turn my stilt into my guilt and have a chatter box blame frame adjacent station
Make reality scrambled and suck the life out of a hidden vandal
And loving every minute of the gimmick, change the channel
Plug it in, turn it on, prop me up against the couch
Lights out, I ain't ever gonna have to leave my house
Satellite dish, get up on my wish list, turn me to a tyrant
Let my clean spirit dissolve through the appliance
Plug it in, turn it on, be my mother when she's gone, great
Wipe the spittle off my chinny-chin during the breaks
If I gotta go blind I'mma do it for the love of all television kind
And that's fine, and that's fine
Make me a star, I want to touch gold
Hold me suspended in a dream, merely inches from the screen
Deleted passions sacrificed to one electron monster
Crucify my little future to the monitor
Damn it feels good, turn on, tune in
Zoom in to hug the bug up in your family function
But the children seem to love it
Yes mother, me and wild discovery
And heard the static flock to where I sleep
By the glow of that magic box big speaker
Stereo mastered often kill the freak seekers, eyes spiraling
Tangled in the star spangled wiring
I can turn from toxicated visuals
And all the kings horses abort the loyalty to royalty
F*** the fortress
Riddle me with glee, hoist the end all teleprompter above my sleeping head
I'll be dead by morning anyway
Color my values with mundane humor in thirty minute tickets
To feel the magnetic seal picket censorship
I want commercials twenty four-seven
I want to shop from my bed and set an
Example for all my overworked, underpaid brethren
I bond with a six string ? correspondence
And lurking circuitry circus
With allegiance pledged beyond the glass surface
Adamant students within the fine school of possessed graduate catalysts
Channel zero addict, immaculate
It goes big screen, little screen, any screen'll do
Just let me hold the controller and I won't have to murder you
Plug it in, turn it on, let my little eyes glaze
Twenty screens lined up along the borders of the maze
I want to see the five day forecast, fourteen days in advance
So I can get my two weeks notice every time the sun dance
Plug it in, turn it on, silent fix better than nothing
Let a once divine soul feel the functions of the hypnotist
The viciousness, ridiculous, peaking a dummy's interest
Touch the power button meet your maker, ain't that something?
Plug it in, turn it on, say goodbye to Sunday afternoon
Fix the antenna, sit back and let disaster bloom
It's a beautiful sight, with a most ugly intention
But I taste it everyday and bathe inside the consequences
Plug it in, turn it on, never once have you talked back to me
Your majesty, I love you, I despise you
My everyday is sitcom, soaps, news, bad Dramatization
Come along with me, my friend for the most glorious sensation
chorus:
we don't need no walkie-talkies, nope no walkie talkies, we don't need your coughing when offing the morning coffee, no, we don't need no walkie-talkies, nope no walkie-talkies we just want our hermitry to stay and our coffee to go
and the last shall be, first to immerse in the pass out heat, face in the mud where the moxie melt 'til he woke up drowning in chachkes hell, more in a cave with a torch on the wall than a window arrangement of porcelain dolls on a brand new day, saw what he saw, property owners who crawl to the mall, with a bad toupee and a face like he author the law, pace like he mourning a loss, right hand on a can of worms, left full of gold he will trade for turf, i mean thats o.k., you got to answer to you at the end of the volatile day, but a model of mercy and might? no way, marionette who will clap and obey, dude, look, all that noise? call that flight of the water boys, meet and greet and they all slap five, cheek to cheek when they colonize, and a grown ass man shall abide as he wish, walk that path with a dime and a stick, walk that path with a diamond and wine, walk that path to the firing line, just walk, pay no mind to the new recruit with the play-doh spine, let's be friends from opposite ends, wave to the kid don't hop on the fence, play to the radius far and away, orbit wide don't park in his space, one little martyr who talk in his face make one little weathermen sharpen the blades.
chorus
and the last shall be, first to the curb with the mad cow meat, face in the bars of a regular cell when he woke up high in collectible hell, boom town kid who was taught by the binge that a man who expire with the most shit win, that's warpy american nonsense penned by the rich, not a routine friend in a pinch, still not used to the stench, how it throws off otherwise lucid events, in the case the afraid observe i got a pro-keds box full of layman's terms, it goes hey, peace, pray for the plagued, major relief and capacious rains, but just cuz i don't want to war with you, it don't mean go warm up the barbecue, i'm like pardon you, sawed off limit, my high noon is a quick little minute, i don't wanna spend it sitting with a critic, who simply isn't going to ever really get it, this HQ is alive and alone, no driveway no sign of a home, no dial tone, no line for the phone, no world's tiniest violin song, and i might just lie to them all, lie in the morgue with a deep breath hiding and bored, fighting a smile, highly annoyed, when the timing is right i will rise and record, cal for the monster beats and blockhead got animal drums like he's doctor teeth, it goes red light green light 1 2 3, one large coffee, fuck you, peace.
T-A-K-E-N-O-P-R-I-S-O-N-E-R-S T-A-K-E-N-O-P-R-I-S-O-N-E-R-S T-A-K-E-N-O-P-R-I-S-O-N-E-R-S T-A-K-E-N-O-P-R-I-S-O-N-E-R-S T-A-K-E-N-O-P-R-I-S-O-N-E-R-S
j.d. - i crawled down to the basement when the weather got cold, like a lost lamb returning to the fold, and when the outside world recedes from view, it's just a year's supply of make-up and memories of you, 1967 colt 45, holding back the vampires, keeping me alive, there's an envelope with some cash in it out by the front door, this is what they make you take the medication for
[Dead men tell no tales.
Up push the daisies till the soil is stale
In a powder blue tux for the farmer's sale
Mr. big sleep with the carp and kelp]
Once upon a time in the days of yore
When the people lived fresh outta legend and folklore
There was an old pirate who piloted vile slang
Had a bird perched on him and swash buckled the same
Peg leg navigator starboard to port
By the nautical star of male an the harbor is yours
And you should tell them where you situate the gold
That is unless you'd like a vacation with Davy j-j-j-Jones.
Like "walk the plank" for whom the shark thank
Maroon the mutineers consume the souvenirs.
Come all the shiny spoils piled higher every year
He was suffocating slow in the box of a buccaneer
Ten summers prior on a night like this
Crows nest scopes something afloat to the boats west
Swore it blew him a kiss
When he focus seen the face of an angel upon the body of a
F-f-f-fish.
"What the heck!" grabbed for his telescope
Shatter gathered himself she was ghost he was down the rope ladder
To deck circled the vessel the 360 swiftly
Found nothing in the water but salt, piss and whiskey.
Yarr, heckled by the swabbies at the bar,
He'll be the laughing stock of the barbary coast war
Like this dude either got two glass eyes
Or he wearing his patch on the wrong s-s-s-side
Now he knew what he saw
But had to prove he was raw
So he raped and he pillaged and
And he'd feud and he'd brawl
Try to rekindle his rep via sabers and gun smoke
And battle always find him though he never told cutthroats
Meanwhile, back in the now, Got a brand new skeleton crew
On the move out When they aren't manning thirty burning cannons stern and bow
They are prying shiny metals out your m-m-m-mouth
Okay, youth wanes old age holler wisdom and disease
Like the scurvy made his yellow gums bleed.
And he was aching from his boots to the feather in his cap
Till his quartermaster showed up with a stolen treasure map
One look down and lept off the dock,
See if you can guess where X marked the spot
The capital was buried at sea in a cursed cave,
Only one mile from where he'd seen the mer-mer-mer-maid.
Anchors up, hoist the jolly roger thank you much.
Day and night with his hook hands raised and clutched
But see the vitamin deficiency was strong
So by the time they bumped into the island he could barely lift his grog
Crawled off the boat, collapsed in the sand
Prayers in the air, seashells in his hand
An area high tide so grand it's the one that put the one that put
The lady of the lake on dry la-la-la-land
I wish I could tell you that it ended happy
Pretend like his bones weren't practically snapping
Pretend like her gills didn't dry up and suffer
But that's a half-dead pirate and a fish outta water.
No lie, scout's honor, got a million more
From the burgundy lighting above the shores of whores
Before your visions of grandeur go to slow those sails
Remember that dead men tell no t-t-t-tales
Lucy was 7 and wore a head of blue barettes
City born, into this world with no knowledge and no regrets
Had a piece of yellow chalk with which she'd draw upon the street
The many faces of the various locals that she would meet
There was joshua, age 10
Bully of the block
Who always took her milk money at the morning bus stop
There was Mrs. Crabtree, and her poodle
She always gave a wave and holler on her weekly trip down to the bingo
parlor
And she drew
Men, women, kids, sunsets, clouds
And she drew
Skyscrapers, fruit stands, cities, towns
Always said hello to passers-by
They'd ask her why she passed her time
Attachin lines to concrete
But she would only smile
Now all the other children living in or near her building
Ran around like tyrants, soaking up the open fire hydrants
They would say
"Hey little Lucy, want to come jump double dutch?"
Lucy would pause, look, grin and say
"I'm busy, thank you much"
Well, well, one year passed
And believe it or not
She covered every last inch of the entire sidewalk,
And she stopped-
"Lucy, after all this, you're just giving in today??"
She said:
"I'm not giving in, I'm finished," and walked away
(Chorus: x2)
1 2 3
That's the speed of the seed
A be	see
That's the speed of the need
You can dream a little dream
Or you can live a little dream
I'd rather live it
'cause dreamers always chase
But never get it
Now Lucy was 37, and introverted somewhat
Basement apartment in the same building she grew up in
She traded in her blue barettes for long locks held up with a clip
Traded in her yellow chalk for charcoal sticks
And she drew
Little bobby who would come to sweep the porch
And she drew
The mailman, delivered everyday at 4
Lucy had very little contact with the folks outside her cubicle day
But she found it suitable, and she liked it that way
She had a man now: Rico, similar, hermit
They would only see each other once or twice a week on purpose
They appreciated space and Rico was an artist too
So they'd connect on saturdays to share the pictures that they drew
(Look!)
Now every month or so, she'd get a knock upon the front door
Just one of the neighbors,
Actin nice, although she was a strange girl, really
Say, "Lucy, want to join me for some lunch??"
Lucy would smile and say "I'm busy, thank you much"
And they would make a weird face the second the door shut
And run and tell their friends how truly crazy Lucy was
And lucy knew what people thought but didn't care
'cause while they spread their rumors through the street
She'd paint another masterpiece
(Chorus x2)
Lucy was 87, upon her death bed
At the senior home, where she had previously checked in
Traded in the locks and clips for a head rest
Traded in the charcoal sticks for arthritis, it had to happen
And she drew no more, just sat and watched the dawn
Had a television in the room that she'd never turned on
Lucy pinned up a life worth's of pictures on the wall
And sat and smiled, looked each one over, just to laugh at it all
No Rico, he had passed, 'bout 5 years back
So the visiting hours pulled in a big flock o' nothin
She'd never spoken once throughout the spanning of her life
Until the day she leaned forward, grinned and pulled the nurse aside
And she said:
"Look, I've never had a dream in my life
Because a dream is what you want to do, but still haven't pursued
I knew what I wanted and did it till it was done
So i've been the dream that I wanted to be since day one!"
Well!
The nurse jumped back,
She'd never heard Lucy even talk,
'Specially words like that
She walked over to the door, and pulled it closed behind
Then Lucy blew a kiss to each one of her pictures
And she died.
(Chorus x2)
1 2 3...
A be	C...
Raw, I'm going to give it to you
With no trivia
Raw like that Aesop rock iron-fisted list militia
While bent funny bone grown community
Spit a thousand and 1 ripples to cripple the continuity
Tap water builds character
Right I irrigate it straight to mainline
You want to do the same? Fine
These pretty profit grommet teams solidify the clot to slippery city salt piston pump drain
But hold those incredible console with the Russian roulette baboon spin-off
Where everyday a thousand strangers pray for empty chambers
One-sixth buckle
Five Sixths sweat bullets trying to keep it subtle
But I'll get you (I'm going to get you)
Wobbly rope bridge
Broke inches tired of dry land
But duck skull stepping-stones suit the mix-down well
Well, when the rumor spreads that y'all stupid
I'll be the cat with guilty look on face and shirt that reads: I didn't do it!
Is it on, is it beyond basic
Does it ice grill you or is every song faceless?
Does it have a title? If didn't would you name it?
Does it babble about nothing like a drunken atheist?
We could run that Orwells '84 war
For the room 1 on 1 z-tour
Till he try and fidgets with his or her own work spear specifics
Swerve around the cobra kisses
See if the venom overloads this vision
I'm going to suck the poison out and spit it
Stole my sneakers but your features never fit in
Servers you right for trying to walk a mile outside your limits
I'm going to tiptoe across this yo-yo string
Until you walk the dog out from under my feet and skip town, sit down
(Chorus)
It goes boom boom boom
Boombox
Earth to a-r vertical burden has increased at an alarming rate
Bliss is down a point
Murder up, glee down and still falling
Still crawling out of bed at 2 on Saturdays
Came this blind soldier-burning confessional
Ease back; let a heart thump echo normalcy for 10
Let the back burner boiling point descend
I race the derby in the first heat (strike personal)
Strike personal space with the most utterly putrid version of grace
Spit the gimmick, sit and fidget
While we try and jump through hoops
Like Coney Island freak show midgets
Want to be a fighter pilot
Driving that childish early Wright brothers experiment
Prototypic model fossil
Sit and sweat bullets on a console
Busting accidental dirt bike donuts
Outside the most ridiculous poison tongue brain silo
Dead before the chubby debutaunt conquered the high note
Schooled by the cruel intention inventions pensive sideshow
See contrary to popular certainty
I alone advance without an earthly poem
And dance on a handful of zoning fans
Holding every chance to own the land I roam
With dome in hands
Truly be its only camper happy with the scrap heap
See I convinced myself it's on
Therefore it is and the melody settles
Beneath the fact that I'm just spitting for these kids
I tried to get them all open
And once I quit and said I didn't care
Thats when they all threw their hands in the air
(Chorus)
It goes boom boom boom
Boombox
(MF Doom)
Keep in mind this flow is used for practice.
Even so still top choice off the tracklist.
Far as I know we've been blacklist
For as long as the earth rotate on a 23 degree axis.
"I can stop anytime I want to."
Famous last words that came back to haunt you
All your life, like permanent dried tears.
Some cats get it like no bright ideas.
He broke the record then bowed.
Said he couldn't do it without the crowd, for crying out loud.
Even took the time to contaminate the rhyme scene
And drop a lot before he was out, in the common scene.
A lot of rappers are drama queens (buddy dutty ?)
When they come to the mic, I'm 'a feel ya's. (buddy buddy ?)
Fuck around and get your title took, cut and dry.
He doesn't lie, even like "who and where, what and why?"
Hold it like a cue 'n button, button fly (boom boom) (?)
Once they leave the room, they be like, "Doom! Doom! Doom!"
It's no use. Blessed to design
And the villain has left the building, dressed to the nines.
Like, I'm 'a do mine. Ya'll do yours.
He stay reppin' the game like Lou Rawls
The super MF villain, feelin' like two balls,
For the microphone, he joins like two falls. (?)
Well we'll see after these criminals who falls.
A lot of ya'll is reminiscent of Rupaul.
Ball to ball and we'll be needing new drawers.
Drawers, the one-twos that run through walls.
Keep in mind this flow is used for practice.
Even so still top choice off the tracklist.
Far as I know we've been blacklist
For as long as the earth rotate on a 23 degree axis.
(AESOP ROCK)
All in it together now.
Some of the misadventures of a father crop
My provider chop's flashin'
See, I'm 'a stop that gut reaction
Bound to tackles when a battle runs in circles
Like rodeo clowns with paddles.
Poked in the belly by petty sarcasm.
Gentlemen, start your laugh tracks.
Push pins for the lab rat breed.
All I wanna be is a fat cat sleeping 40 nights (nights)
In hopes that when I rise,
The hacker mass will have seen there's more to life.
Let's recreate a perfect service rooted in labor lust
And a discipline prisoner.
I don't work a thick antithesis.
Parallel park your burning prod adjacent
To the flagrant iron ego valve
Let us study a weaker outlet
I found peace (I found peace)
I found peace, it tap me on the shoulder
Asking where's the closest war and how to make it sleep
I pointed toward the exact place my sneakers met the creedence,
Said "If I could answer questions (who), I would be relief."
Now classify don't got 'em shook by exposing the skeletons
Yeah I sorta stick to a more murky-hurt development.
Some of these kids are spittin just a bit too delicate a thesis.
If only... Yeah, but holy jumpin Jesus!
I get torn swiftly from a planet while it tilts, 23.
Look buddy, we've gotta talk.
God made me a fine instrument of style
Zig zag zisfiss?
Don't make me holy sleep bolts blindly until your mood shifts.
Now here comes 40 acres of congruency pistons,
Purple skeleton key immunity systems.
Aw, it'll be something incredible.
See, I know the limit.
That's why I do my best to stay quiet
Whenever I ain't spittin the gimmick.
chorus:
we don't need no walkie-talkies, nope no walkie talkies, we don't need your coughing when offing the morning coffee, no, we don't need no walkie-talkies, nope no walkie-talkies we just want our hermitry to stay and our coffee to go
and the last shall be, first to immerse in the pass out heat, face in the mud where the moxie melt 'til he woke up drowning in tsatke hell, more in a cave with a torch on the wall than a window arrangement of porcelain dolls on a brand new day, saw what he saw, property owners who crawl to the mall, with a bad toupee and a face like he author the law, pace like he mourning a loss, right hand on a can of worms, left full of gold he will trade for turf, i mean thats o.k., you got to answer to you at the end of the volatile day, but a model of mercy and might? no way, marionette who will clap and obey, dude, look, all that noise? call that flight of the water boys, meet and greet and they all slap five, cheek to cheek when they colonize, and a grown ass man shall abide as he wish, walk that path with a dime and a stick, walk that path with a diamond and wine, walk that path to the firing line, just walk, pay no mind to the new recruit with the play-doh spine, let's be friends from opposite ends, wave to the kid don't hop on the fence, play to the radius far and away, orbit wide don't park in his space, one little martyr who talk in his face make one little weathermen sharpen the blades.
chorus
and the last shall be, first to the curb with the mad cow meat, face in the bars of a regular cell when he woke up high in collectible hell, boom town kid who was taught by the binge that a man who expire with the most shit win, that's warpy american nonsense penned by the rich, not a routine friend in a pinch, still not used to the stench, how it throws off otherwise lucid events, in the case the afraid observe i got a pro-keds box full of layman's terms, it goes hey, peace, pray for the plagued, major relief and capacious rains, but just cuz i don't want to war with you, it don't mean go warm up the barbecue, i'm like pardon you, sawed off limit, my high noon is a quick little minute, i don't wanna spend it sitting with a critic, who simply isn't going to ever really get it, this HQ is alive and alone, no driveway no sign of a home, no dial tone, no line for the phone, no world's tiniest violin song, and i might just lie to them all, lie in the morgue with a deep breath hiding and bored, fighting a smile, highly annoyed, when the timing is right i will rise and record, cal for the monster beats and blockhead got animal drums like he's doctor teeth, it goes red light green light 1 2 3, one large coffee, fuck you, peace.
t-a-k-e-n-o-p-r-i-s-o-n-e-r-s
john darnielle:
i crawled down to the basement when the weather got cold, like a lost lamb returning to the fold, and when the outside world recedes from view, it's just a year's supply of make-up and memories of you, 1967 colt 45, holding back the vampires, keeping me alive, there's an envelope with some cash in it out by the front door, this is what they make you take the medication for
(Thank you)
Cameras or guns one of ya'll is gonna shoot me to death
Just know that shit
I take it...Easy
(That's how we doin' this)
(I like that)
I take it...Easy
(Ya'll say that shit)
I take it...Easy
(Where we goin' with this)
I take it... Easy
(Here it go)
Upside down
I pick wigs for beetles
Pry em out and pin em to the pole over the seesaw
Solar Coke'er shimmy out crater cradle my way in double wishbone suspension verse am clock radio bangers
Down side up in crippled acres and still the fountain that spittle's sliglets quicker than quditch seekers snatch golden snitches
(You can be a part of it)
Just park your bark at twenty paces, hold this target, while chorus picks apart your shit
(Man)
City bread the brittle cheap old little Lego people squeezing little like a Polaroid in key hole
Media breather needed mural to hide all while your friends 'n neighbors press stethoscopes to the dry wall
To the worm tongue tight (tongue), bitten behind a vamp chopper foaming, lamb chopping the sock puppet in fear and loathing
Who faulters ASAP to build careers out of misquoting sorry Aesop introducing a school of my own motives
This pocket full of nickels, like cool han-loop decapitating parking meters when the pigs blew the whistle like Winslow
I went to jail over night for putting a sticker on a phone booth, now by the time ya'll did that paperwork, how many new rapists float
Panicky banister Silver Surf over the wobbles where the potholes are a holster on the stomach of the God show
Blinded by the light, you might just plummet through the cosmos to see Apollo standing and function before a board hits a high note
I take it?Easy
The ice is thinning in the valley of the G Beats
And when the freaks come out I hug a TV (uh)
Some how a channel zero benders less...Creepy
's bliss, repeat with a twist
Easy
When every Martian in the market holler "Be me"
You're a sitting opinions bigot
Ya learn more when your mouthpiece...Retreat
's bliss now listen to this
Oh ok
All day every day
Oh alright
All night every night
Who's cat 'n tongue gonna spew stale venom (uh) not mine I hung my hammock in the bed room
But when the potentially lucrative race wars get steaded I wake up for a second and help the betters count their blessings
But instead I grab the clutch then at my knees are limps much longer
A plastic flimsy songbird plastic busy long turns for the long term
Got dragon all achy, torn between the lending of a helping five knuckles and a charge that won't escape me
(Tha's life)
Sufferin' suckatash buckle ducks in the trunk with belts-ten four on them-sting of operations-wingman-double packed
(Funky)
Let em roam to the home to the main crib in emaciated slave pancake children game-not all players feel the same
(Learning)
We don't learn shit my radio was on regardless
(Yes)
I tune out parties, I tune in starlets
Carbon and pre David-Goliath live Paleolithic bias who walks on all fours draggin' the cadaver of King Midas
Now this tort dwarf war hammer Elvan bow and arrow waivers documents preaching the rain of which narrow tappers
Hermit crab, honest cat, trying to raise the roof in my own tv room but still get the security deposit back
Pull with me Skippy (Hi) Motor head dope fixture what's up-go to bed-no dinner hold for the cold winter
Is it bad if the gas leaks, desert dozer clicks, stranded on cloud eight proud of the pogo stick
I stayed then along came a spider sprung and alert (I stay deaf)
He makes records with his tongue in the dirt
Suckin the dirty earth crisis with a license to flirt
Buffer the mighty tightly sequins with a price on the Murs covert
Mr. Blizzard shoulder (Cold) he always acts all pissy
Plus your friend said I was an asshole when he met me
No bad moves aloud when you're in the public eye
Kill it; you are the weakest link goodbye
I take it?Easy
The ice is thinning in the valley of the G Beats
And when the freaks come out I hug a tv
Some how a channel zero benders less...Creepy
's bliss, repeat with a twist
Easy
When every Martian in the market holler "Be me"
You're a sitting opinions bigot
Ya learn more when your mouthpiece...Retreat
's bliss now listen a sip
(What)
(Huh)
(Sip one)
(Get busy)
Oh ok
All day every day
Oh alright
All night every night
Yea
Mutaeo
Murs
(Like dat)
El P
Mr. Lif
Def jux
TheBassHipOne
Nasa
Aesop Rock - The Tugboat Complex Pt. 3
I could make 'em all dance, or I could sleep
I could walk with a limp and make your step feel incomplete
people are made of match sticks, life is but a flame
note at the craftwork door the last smirk of the the Damien mainframe
my box cost siphon third rail juice from lost poets
inhabit ocean bottoms with a bitter rotten scapegoat pardons (note to self)
don't bargain at martyr parliament rallies
where participants squeeze your last giggle then whittle sacrificial finalies
I can tie my new faces alone, save your knee deep offerings
sorta bring puke coughing bunk persona to light (I might)
build anti-malignant railroads, find you, and lay tracks adjacent
just to scream "fuck off" as the engine pulls out the station
what should we do with a thousand drunken sailors?
"kill 'em all, locate their family address, release a mailer"
(dear sir or madam, your son or daughter's embarrassed human kind
consuming booze and gut fuel, till they cruised across the line)
I spin gold, your raps are dirty lapsed
towards the nursery class act impression of a bubble
(yeah I could of been more subtle when polluting paradise gene puddle)
man huddles make us look like cool peeps and I'm trying to school sheep
towards the right idea {*c'ya* - 5X}
this basic divine subsidiary bust center syllable logic, fold origami
plantation shut this picket fence
*TANGLED THROUGH your dream kitten, you'll probably never hear this song
let alone sip the mission long enough to listen
(I smoke cigarettes down to filter, smoke the filter down to space
now I'm gonna roll this question tight and smoke that shit up in your face
now if you were to alter masks every time fame circus approaches
do you really think your maker wouldn't notice? *THINK ABOUT IT)
Okay, I've died a thousand, and I'll die a thousand more,
I leave footprints in fours, two for bi-peds, two more to break the door
practically caress the utterings of crushed by drudgery brothers and sisters
mothering stickler cabin and madden shit
I'll fix the wing for a penny and a *PARABLE, yeah but this friendship
sunk with a barrel full of ?? pull
I seen guys harbor bad shiners
then wonder why the culprits sitting at the their rainbows ending
rocks garbage bag liners
with out the apple seed it's useless (I sat for greed)
patched for boredom crafts a castle out of toothpicks (I sat to breath)
I breath to hard nearly metamorph castle loose pins
now I stand to breath as not to disturb the*PLUMMAGE
and I know that's not a story, it no longer turns my stomach
hollering wolves in the form of one frustrated culprit
but a love tap full of washed up stardom melted trying to milk it
win a ticket to right white lines highway sideways melt it smelt it
one love to the rungs in my ladder, one love to the gathering of
laughter bats that hung from my rafters
see the jackal met the badger, they were both such fucking bad asses
that clashing wouldn't make sense (hence my tape deck)
now I ain't gonna name name's, and I ain't gonna drag others in
but I ain't about to say that I'm the only cat you got bubbling
your lucky, somehow you managed to befriend some good people
who will sit and soak the evils you secrete, but why? I'm not really sure
(knock the fuck off, kicking his lip across the floor
'til the archival vinyl venom soak the lure
anti-clarity mechanism spit flattery burners
fusing a million majesty murders then stole the crown)
oh wait that's right, you discovered me right?
offered up the peace pipe, and oh
It's all cotton candy when Aesop Rock the B line
he's actin foolish left in the middle of laying bricks
(oh we weren't building nothing but a great wall around these stones and sticks)
oh and for the record I've been rhyming since me and Andre thought we could freestyle
built foundation out of passion and brother dusty tasking
studied dope rappers, vocab expansion, poems and syllable placement
your just mad 'cause somewhere in there you came and went (I ain't the type to dwell)
dismissed it as casually non compatible and bounced
obtained status where I could straight objectively critique your after projects like
(damn that sounds fresh) or (damn that shit is garbage, what happened?
I'm not even laughing)
yeah, but the barriers were broken (you choked)
you made comments to the wrong ?? who out of respect and honor leaked your program
now like were both trying to sit and breath another dawn so my advice
to you is when I say just "move on" {*move on* - 5X}
(Aesop Rock)
I spell 666 star six nine click
Give his telephone a Viking funeral, bye bitch
Treble hook two birds, cheap thrills, free meal
Vacate Jellystone Park with your brie wheel
(Rob Sonic)
Now he sell Laker ___________________________________?
Half his life was likely to be Nikes on the L-train
Gnawin' on his dog toy, pocket full of deer blood
The only thing that's stoppin' him was Dokken in his earbuds
(Aesop Rock)
Up around noon
Found everything he loved crushed down to a cube
The new Kowloon chowline, two leads routing medicine and gruel
One is hemorrhaging money, the other jettisoning fuel
Identical water-separated pools
It was clever
But it wasn't ever neighborhood-degenerate approved
In swooped jukebox Fonzie, promptly
Bolts on his neck, one tubesock wonky
(Rob Sonic)
16-panel head mutton chop and Ambulax
Double pits to chesty got the ESPY on a camel's back
Handle that Huffy wit' a timely parry
And get all up in your kitchen, money, Guy Fieri
There is a wildly elusive moment of bliss
In the spaces between being told you are shit
I would openly suggest identifying the closest
And collectivly agreeing to meet if the sky opens
Ma'am? x 16
I'd like to speak to a supervisor
(Rob Sonic)
Back alley brawl over party guests who want a
Steak tartare but we're hardly pet food
Charlie check booth, Brody's right
You're gonna need a bigger boat and a Holy Diver
(Aesop Rock)
Aggravated people driving lemons over limits
With a neck bop stemming and a cartoon physics
Smart move taught never broadcast holes in his armor
End up another poached foriegner
(Rob Sonic)
Handcuffed down to a toothless tease
Who got an X-marked mouth and a hooch machine
With eyes that tell the story of the woods that fetter
And a chest that sells the ending when it's pushed together
Been through the desert on a horse that's nameless
Now I'm driving through the city in the Porsche naked
Shores invaded by the new marines
That tear the roof off this mother like Buford T
(Aesop Rock)
Untrained pet with a pen name
Chest pain, bet he outlive his own endgame, anyway
Step around the rhythm of the red rain
Getaway car horn, stand by, tenth frame
(Rob Sonic)
Spare me the dramatics to ratchets, smile purdy (pretty)
Flashlight strapped to the calf of a wild turkey
Package of mild jerky, captain to aisle 30
There's a man with a mask an an app that can dial Fergie
Sir? x 16
I'd like to speak to a supervisor
March
The more the merrier
Get a couple or more to carry you to the burial
F-R-E-S-H
Fresh to death and keep it def to the left
Well it was Capricorn, Virgo, Aquarius
(Check!), Cancer, Leo, Sagittarius
(Check!), Pisces, Libra, Scorpio, Aries, Gemini, Taurus
Let 'em die for it
[Aesop Rock]
Delicate freak show alert the frame
Bash all flags where the mag spin park
Corroded by the volts that jolt the cold vein
Boogie down kits to slip past the guard
Def with a mascot of radical mass
Megaphone fuzz and a woofer on fritz
We are not trained to divert the crash
But march face first with a prayer for the blitz
Stand up for the cinema fire, simian ire
Cold shimmy for the cinnamon sky;
Intimate eyes loop all known alleys
Scoop the bounty like daddy hires Bazooka to murder Ralphie
I curdle with burnt milk, pariah sigh, honor piranha money
Count it with the knuckle that hustle bread out a copper tummy
One of these rebels could level the marked city
But the N.Y. uber alles governor's picky
I'll be the jenky Jesus for the species you bleed with
Ultra, soldier poach the folklore
Jump guns through the ninth gate
Jump guns like a noon six burner lit up on the ninth pace
Even set among a portion conformed to the blind stage
Never lured by the formal watching imported wines age
We bow to the gusto mustered by the mecha-bot
Plowed by the public, ushered out the letterbox
Wowed by the subject punctured by the helicop
Boy meets vermin: the widescreen version
Headaches, nausea, vomiting, facial paralysis
These area a few of my favorite venomous side effects
Mamba, Water Moc, Pit Viper, Diamond Back
Anaconda, Boomslang, Cobra, bite 'em back
Spinal tap crabs to the clapper
Aesop Rock is the Cadillac of natural disaster
Push that button
Everybody gotta push something
That's why the envelope is where it wasn't
I work with the builders, whittle my gorilla military
And fizzle 'em through the vigilante filters
Who lamps left of the toggle?
How'd they fit that ninja in a bottle?
A hundred million motherfuckers with they hands out
Verse a walking zipper bomb trying to keep the man down
Get up, get down
Sit up, sit down
It's either fancy footwork or get bit by the hounds
Face up, face down
Laced up, laced down
It's either fist to the sky or get bit by the crowd
Well it was Capricorn, Virgo, Aquarius
(Check!), Cancer, Leo, Sagittarius
(Check!), Pisces, Libra, Scorpio, Aries, Gemini, Taurus
Let 'em die for it
[Aesop Rock]
I was chewing my tongue out of my mouth one day
When the blood in my beard hit the dirt by the blazers
Would have said 'curb it' like any nervous habit
'til maverick told me the coyote pack could smell the wound for acres
And labor to cater fang to fisherman gut critters
Oblivious to the glimmer of innocent duck feathers
Fuck it
Want a carnivore war? Bet
I'll be at the Bronx Zoo with a lock pick kit
On the eject for cockpit bench, helicop clip
Nazi cops on kamikaze belly flop shit
Roger, hop-fence-kill-a-crop, monster
We are the tired and poor, we come for your water
Boom!
Bounce when the church corrupt
When the mayor knuckle dust city worker bugs
When the stars finger babies like I flirt with sluts
You'll see the fire engine red fox ears perk up
Metal kettle unsettling treble howl, settler trembling
Measuring mellow on the levitate off the mezzanine
Never seen a ton of bricks dressing clean dapper
'til it's pin stripe and skull chunk forty stories after
And U.S.A. on a Ketamine disaster
Cane for stress
Crack if the former left you unimpressed
Now pardon me if part of me heart of an oddball, but damn
Kumba-fucking-ya, dog
Terminally alienated and bent awkward by the bought
Prepped package of the slickest spin-doctors
Raised where the paranoid hide tools proper
Like suspicious cargo in a high school locker
And it looks like war, quacks like war
So it's Occam's Razor and I'm swayze out the door
A hundred million motherfuckers hold me back
The hand cannons won't ask 'bout your zodiac, boy
Researcher #1: What's new?
Researcher #2: Oh, I never said. The blood analysis came back from the lab - most of
it was from a lion, but some of it was from a bat.
Hail Mary Mallon: Hey, what's up dude, want a Sun Chip?!
Deepthroat: Fuck you, Hail Mary Mallon! FUCK YOU!
Hail Mary Mallon: *Blubbering*...
Deepthroat: *Laughing*
[Aesop Rock]
Bucket-seater theater sucks, I duck and weave
Riddle of the pixelated ticker taking prisoners and a number please
Name and occupation: Aes, I twidddle thumbs with underlings
Orange eyes, head shrunk, age: a million, sex: drugs
Barrel in escorted by a chorus line of bedbugs
Low-tech dreck from his neck of the cement woods
We come in pieces under siege and unwilling
Kicking and screaming, creatures summoned to the feet of the city
As the parking ticketed guilty, beetlejuice in the waiting room
Ogling this bird who put the Double D in 'Day of Doom'
Personal space invader dais, pay-to-play-to-lose
And you can see a sitting duck grow up into a baying wolf
Live
Teller Number 7 looking weathered
Like a decade in a glass box yelling shook her feathers
Utter "Unto thee I surrender mine flesh!"
She said "Put the yellow sticker on your fender - Next!"
*Interlude of animal noises*
[Rob Sonic]
Gotta fly in the morning
Better pack a potato
Raging bull mad truck never bagging the rain kill
Curse of the slango feather take it and late rope
Double Jack drink, 6 minutes till gate close
Excuse me dougie fresh, I'm lost
Part bad, rabble the raffle, arrest off
Dial it down, know where the ghost of the great flood
With his styrofoam finger making it rain wounds
Take down bang-job taking a blank check, and
I'm buff slim-jim, drinks, and John Lennon
Uncle Bobby blast-it and back at the wrong wedding
Cause I came for the food but I stayed for the prom
dresses!
One block heavy, it's gonna be $6.80
No-cheating tempers go hunting with Dick Cheney
Slowly let the dogs out quicker than finish Halo
That all-black tips is picking the winnebago
Researcher 3: You see, we're being attacked by a creature from the future...
How to make a homemade mummy:
Get a corpse, get gauze, get comfy
Shampoo and disinfect dead fluffy
For the hallowed excavation of his x-marked tummy
Scalpel to stern, the butter cutter b-lines well
Tongs butterfly the unzipped feline shell
We'll be escorting vital organs
with exception of the precious kittens heart
Into the privacy of separate pickle jars
Or mayonnaise or jelly pick a card
Shit, pick a part and scissor
Stomach, lung, intestine or liver
In a world of sanitizers and preservatives forever
Brain exterminated through the whiskers (kiss & blow)
Ditched, I blank NY alone
We usher in the salts that call the husk home
Might embalm and stiffen and rid the fawn of all his liquids
Slather it in beeswax, wrap it up in ribbons
Like limb by limb, by tail by ear by chin
With the new hereafter I hereby win
I hope you vow to meow another day and never
Decompose, by the way before we seal these molds
The shorten version goes...
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Paper playgrounds, leave your harvest
Take the brain out...
Gadzooks, punk's dead, last good gut wrenched
Antennae sam cook, black book pushead
Cat skulls stacked to the black hole sunset
Olive on a toothpick, Dagwood Bumstead
Tagged-hoof hatchery, matter amass naturally
Bad wolf, dash for the last rook castling
Blue ox, red plaid bass pro flannel king
Hasbro crown, sour apple Abba-Zabba teeth
In poorly taken pictures antiquating on his mantlepiece
Before we only spoke in letters cut from magazines
Folk broke bear claws over gross coffee
Not as milquestoast men, as los muertos walking
Ergo the scarecrow in rare barley
Squared-off harpy to armchair: say a prayer for me
I feel that mystifying times have gotten ugly
I also feel that you could learn a lot from a mummy
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Major take down, eat your porridge
Take the brain out, leave the carcass
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Games to reign now, pleased to bargain
Take the brain out, leafed in garlic
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Fading halos, feeding herpes
Take the brain out, eager starlets
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Take the brain out...
I wear shoes to bed
Paint teeth on my lips
Trench foot, gangrened for the win
Blitzkrieg bopper
Petitioned out of shit's creek proper
The only inaccessible blip on the streaming doppler
Screaming uncle in a sea of TV doctors
Free to occupy the same space in differing degrees of seedy commerce
The shot is slow pan, monitor guffawing
Flooded p.d. blotter under horizontal coffee
More to follow, outside tweakers are in love
Teeny Raquel Welch submarining through the blood, voyagers
Poisoned or maybejust a misfit toy or two
Depending on the beacon that your voyeurs choose
That sorta hemming and hawingll haunt your boiler rooms abysmally
And kidnap rapid eyes in their infancy
Everything his cutting room scrapped
On a silver screen that throws gummy bears back, attack!
All these tribes hoard breads and wines
These climates transform men to swine
All these hives hide knives and lead
These bribes can't transform swine to men
Sensible sweater on ice
Devil horns high
Like shovels above a butter lamb with peppercorn eyes
Vendetta-drunk leader squealing
"it's the real pig fever"
Sick people pinky swearing on concealed 6th fingers
That's idle handwork in the spirit of death dealers
Look at mommy's little Hercules
Custom Troy Hurtubise
Flourish in the blind spot of spittle county gore police
Or really any readily ebbing and flowing war and peace
1 plain brown key foods bag head
2 holes later I'll see to this loose flatbread
Cats fucked off, at exactly what cost
The currency of brotherhood back in his cut palm
It sucks, it's nauseating dawn crawling with bugs
They seem attracted to the matters ofthe morally snubbed
See my goodnight irene' massacred flat in the key of tragedy
Whole diner like "i'll have he's having"
All these tribes hoard breads and wines
These climates transform men to swine
All these hives hide knives and lead
These bribes can't transform swine to men
Today a thousand sea lions got up and left a pier
They had successfully invaded and secured for 20 years
Some said it was the food supply or shifting weather patterns
Truthfully a whole community of scientists are in maybe 10 showed up at the wharf
As if guided by the trident of poseidon to cavort
Each a lumbering and boisterous glutton
Like a half-ton annoyance til the heart-warming story went public
You'll need a montage, animals arriving in droves
A bottom dollar turns a nuisance to the pride of your cove
Which bring us back up to this morning when the colony dove
I got a couple unsubstantiated thoughts of my own they go
Maybe it'd feel more majestic and less fatty
If a 12 year old wasn't beaning it with salt water taffy
Every 5 fucking seconds, sounds like your basic
Liberating moment of collective "fuck fame" shit
All these tribes hoard breads and wines
These climates transform men to swine
All these hives hide knives and lead
These bribes can't transform swine to men
Greasy Grimy Gopher Guts;Explain Poolside; 0 for 1 and don't forget spoons twice
Lukewarm folgers; mold on his moonpie
Rooms in his home that dissipate into fruit flies
Suicide lane wide load ride looting in the wake of an amicable marooning
My duty go from moving in packs to sharing food with a cat. (To Moms:) "it's me, I accidentally sawed a woman in half."
She said "i'll keep you in my prayers," I said "i need to hide a body," she said "ok honey, talk to you on friday."
Apparently we share a common plasma so the growing disconnection doesn't matter. according to the blood-and-water chapter. weird
Who wrote the blood-and-water chapter anyway? probably some surly dad; only child, 30 cats. looking for a way to reconnect with an averted past. except it doesn't always work like that
Today I pulled three baby snakes out of moss and dirt; where the wild strawberry vines toss and turn; I told them "you will grow to be something inventive and electric; you are healthy, you are special, you are present." then I let them go
Oh
You were sitting at the gate awaiting spirits and provisions
I was privy to a headache over pirouetting innards
In the mirror sweating pictures; who's there: simian or lizard?
As it were there is a disappearing difference
In ambition and material;
Antiquated gentleman outlaws reduced to a ferris wheel of vitriol
Move as a godless heathen; black gums, tooth gone, bootleg 'Yukon Cornelius'
I'm a...that's better, here we here we go. disenchanted face printed on a zero-dollar bill
Got a little plot of land where authority isn't recognized, contraband keeping the core of his Hyde Jekyll-ized
Check! nevermind a misanthrope vying for affection to the wretched sound of mysticism dying
It is something he must handle on his own; the wind blown way, wanna win? don't play
Today I pulled three green frogs out of leaf and bark where the grape vines climb a convenient barn; I told them "you will grow to be something tenacious and exalted; you are mighty, you are gracious, you are lauded." then I let them go
Oh
I have been completely unable to maintain any semblance of relationship on any level
I have been a bastard to the people who have actively attempted to deliver me from peril
I have been acutely undeserving of the ear that listen up and lip that kissed me on the temple
I have been accustomed to a stubborn disposition that admits it wish it's history disassembled
I have been a hypocrite in sermonizing tolerance while skimming for a ministry to pretzel
I have been unfairly resentful of those I wish that acted different when the bidding was essential
I have been a terrible communicator prone to isolation over sympathy for devils
I have been my own worse enemy since the very genesis of rebels
Today I pulled three ghost crabs out of rock and sand, where the low tide showcased a promised land. I told them "you will grow to be something dynamic and impressive; you are patient you are gallant you are festive."
Then I let them go
Oh
(On and on and on and on...)
There is a bowl cut template mapped with a billy can, mega mom scissoring a topiary lego man, mini-ramp cowlick, good ship snot nose, lap rain water out of pigeon hill potholes, rat brain, shovel green peas off a butterknife, raccoon hat, moon boots all summer-type, felt pressure at the center of the dog show, better off blending, sweater-off Waldo you, wanna see a genome mutate? Cut a page boy til it bring home a Cube tape, poof, screw-face wriggle out a chop shop, home-brewed Kool-aid, disavowing Osh Kosh, simulating television, little rowdy rock snob, bobble headed shredder playing top-heavy hop scotch, you realize you only got a week, til you catch him with a pair of shitty clippers in the sink, like bzzzzt, motherfucking bzzzzt, bzzzzt, thats a quiet kid, bussing asymmetric rebel lines in, crudely, some say to praise the lord, i say you wanna feel saved baby, shape the orb, and i will see you all in Helven, read he fled a panic room pissed, and been searching for animal chin since, bumpin Jonny Rad, eye on the sauce pan, current mop: 4 months shy on the off-chance
I knew this Kid Camu, who in the lions mouth, made a up a fail safe way to get his life corralled, lets say he short on the rent, his land lord is upset, he disappears with sheers yelling Im going George Jeff, bathroom door sound like a part-mech barbershop quartet, forced into war with itself, what emerge next in a shaft of light is bald up top, long on the back and sides, maybe the blade oil came with a ax to grind, but granddaddy half-smile, all mastermind, he ask how do I look?, I said you look insane, he said the haircut come with a theory ill explain, please do, first: no hats allowed, faux nat male pattern when he out the house, and wouldnt crop it up until his monopoly prop pass go, til then walk this town like an asshole, bzzzt! motherfucking bzzzt! Bzzzt! Last week we were stoney, this week he program beats all monday, sold 2 wednesday, pay rent, fabricate a wole new hedge maze, back on his smooth shit friday at noon bitch, wow, just like that, a method i encourage you to share and apply and adapt as one day his didnt grow back
Start with a textbook bowl cut (bowl cut!)
one you can mow down slow as you grow up
learn a couple great new curse words (pussy!)
buzz a cool rat tail, take 2, your turn
learn a couple great new curse words (fuckface!)
maybe try a ponyhawk, take 2, your turn
If you step on the lawn I keep the foot, peep
In the pot go six degrees of cooked geese;
Boiling, blitz the beach of mushed peas
Over ten meathooks with a blister each
I'm all pincher, fevery hoodie-on hoodie-off
Sweat through his E.T. sheets to the worry dolls
Never met a quiet storm
That didn't grow into a choir of colliding horns
That go click click clack in territorial syntax
Sitting on the porch with his lids pinned back
Pinball whiz in a thimble of sims
I'm a symbol of whimsy abridged
Kiss me, I'm dead; nursing a mystery Dayquil
Led Zep staring daggers down page mill
How pray tell do he sit pretty
When the old one-two unglue in a tizzy
Please hold for the don't-play dull boy
Click, I am not a page or a pull toy
Came in the door and the floor is lava
Killjoy if your core more Norman Rockwell
Born homesick for an invisible address, batshit
Bumble and bat around catnip
One black heart katamari massive
Packed in a fat category 5 rat nest
Nose on his sleeve, holes in his inner peace
Robot phone like a tentacle of flippancy
I hate you (I hate you more)
No I hate you infinity
And Pangaea break into smithereens
Interlude presto change-o
If it move too quick oh-whey-oh
Right brain go right train Ramo
Moustache any old Monet, (no)
Merrily merrily merrily merrily
In a cobweb tomb on a hotbed of heresy
Frogmen schooled by the god Ed Emberley
Pull dog sleds and exhume dead Kennedys
Bet, moth into kerosene awful
A caution to strawmen lost on vaudeville
Amorally mixing business
With a hundred and forty-four Dixie whistlers
Lawnchair strongman twisted whiskers
NASCAR Bic in his missing fingers
Outcast from a system of kiss-the-ring-ers
Are you privy to the misadventures
It's electric, meeting in the middle of the street
With a lethally modified piccolo pete
There is admittedly an incredible mystique
To meddling in the reason a city won't sleep
That ring ring ring whiz-bang jingle bells
And melt bootleg G.I. Joes to black taffy
Classic fire-in-the-hole backdrafting
Fold wildlife out of wolf pack wrapping
Full moon, bad knee, wool hat, caffeine
TNT plunger in all-caps ACME
Blast off half of the whole damn mapscreen
I'm a patchwork of 86'd springs and gears
Who been stung by an unlinked pinky swear
During his what-in-the-fuck-was-I-thinking years
Maybe an awkward phase
Like his acne and sophomore fade, played
Calling all out-of-work action figures
It was death by saturn missiles
Don't fool with his cool
I turn a staff to a snake and back, evade crack
Shake a 5150 in shades and a fake stache
Dirtbike made of 5 worse bikes, uphill
Tabletop frames on dutch tilt, crush kill
Make or buy point-op arcade punk (?)
Talkin arcane science, dark age pull (?)
Four eyes card face, bark Aes iron on (?)
Pork rinds orange age, Jarred brains die alone
No Mulligans, crow bars bird cage
Cold, colonize Mars on Earth day
And surface from the cellar door like worms into the petrichor
Messenger, better get a vessel for a Tetris score
Zilch, cowabunga homies call me press ignore
Devastating energy exploding off his Tesla coil
Farm baited breath and tempermental tremors
That taught a man to wave with 10 percent of his fingers
And I never lost tic tac toe to a live chicken
For the footage, Im off cam dynamite fishin
For diamondback rattles in his holy grail
Evoke colony collapse via gross betrayal
3 wolf moon shirt, two shoes one sock
Wore the same hoodie everyday like Mumra
Buh-dum-bum, follow the regenerated rebel flesh (?)
Out of sorts, out of water, suicidal tetrafish
Who stood by the conviction in his we should be together less forevermore
Before we are the severed heads of civil war
And basing(?) radio ricochet off the silver foil
Trash can fire looking for a kill to grill or spoil
Quickly, purveyors of fine hijinks
I know, this is why we cant have nice things
I prefer to skip the pleasantries
Flip the diner table, dip in time for final jeopardy
No shit
Oh and dont fool with his cool
Ma, can we get a pool?
Is that a no?
[Aesop Rock]
Okay, magpies, Hoarders, and allied forces
Who lick zig-zags being dragged by horses
Transcribe stories in patterns of pins dropping
Skinned boars and exaggerated limb-lopping
Slow Mozart, no Ive never heard a knocking
Mightve burst in on it, splits or skin popping(?)
Opt out, sober on the eve of no saints day
Locate and aim for the token propane tank
Bang! Followed from a pulling of hair
To a homecoming sullied by a skull on a spear
It spun a human resources issue to public affair
Reciprocity is a pestilent compulsion to bear
And ultimately unfulfilling, concurrently that rigid upper lipping grudge or crippling (?)
The wonder twins are bitching
Armchair hater, I wouldnt piss on your coffin
But when I see your picture I draw dicks on it
The ozone breakaway tux
Holds chicken wire ribs and papier mache guts
Pipe cleaner mustache, folk hands(?) google eyes
Macaroni gas face, no plan to humanize
You are now rockin with the worst
Nothing up his sleeve, nothing here is what it seems
Paranormal weather, mysteriously disappearing bees
Not to mention the collateral delirium it breeds
Jeez, forgive him and he dicey past
He from a tiny town called Deaths Icy Grasp
And he dont get out much but when he do its beetlemania
Do not be asleep at the feet of his feelers radius
Too charitable, offerin the average joe some real estate
Between the big mouth billy bass and jackalope
Cozy in a moment of bliss
Snatch the food off your plate, snatch a goat off a bridge
No shit
Baseheads locally approach all spark plugs
Total disregard for a dying man's shark jump
Post-meridiem pretty tungsten attracts any oncepale horse painted gunmetal black
Face masking, hard-shelled ebony propeller hat
Clubmans, gloved rakes grappling the clutch span
Tuck go the steel toe, metal gate spreading
For the dead-alive that rented parking space 37
2000 out the weekly under "Cycles to Gehenna" gets him floating over 20 busses
Fireproof and festive
Corners like a two-tired tiger so a too-tired rider can accumulate a few excited fibers to assign
Knows no zen in the art of maintenance
Only as the orchestrated patron saint of changing lanes baby
Here is how a great escape goes when you can't take your dead friends names out your phone
Eyes and teeth, new moon on a scale that defies belief
Outside what our fundamental sciences teach,
every other mighty lion asleep
Gangway - mine eyes, mine teeth
Gangway - mine eyes, mine teeth
Gangway - mine eyes, mine teeth
The man-ape translates glam thru the visor
Goes in water lillies
Am-scrays Giger, and manray
Crammed in a one-player campaign
Blinker like a hallowed bonfire over Samhain
Span where the praying hands mandate
Bars an extension of the arms
They're mutating instead of being farmed
Tonight beneath a marmalade venus
Haunted mowers chewing every glowing yard of mud between us
Going Ford, Jag, Datsun, Corvette, Lotus
All cones you can slalom when your focused
Via mechanical Dartmoor Frankensteined poorly
And sanctioned by a New Yank Yorkee
Who knew that any moment he could lose it to the decopaged suicide flooring
And still he keep his fuel tank portly, the 30 odd year old gears thank charlie
The scarfthank Mom's new hobby, kssssht! copy
Eyes and teeth, new moon on a scale that defies belief
Outside what our fundamental sciences teach,
every other mighty lion asleep
Gangway - mine eyes, mine teeth
Gangway - mine eyes, mine teeth
Gangway - mine eyes, mine teeth
Let me put you up on Bob's donuts
Controller of the warm deep fryer that charms cobras
Mostly it was aggravated ulcers over goat's legs
Will they go for maple, custard, buttermilk or wolfs bane?
Hm, late after your cinderella pulsate and crash I was rotating casts
Picture if you will a witching hour on week night in the trenches
Where paranoia dead-ends in a bright florescent heaven
With sprinkles
I know right yum
Whether tummy ache or fever
Keep the funnel cake I'm honey glaze in vitro
In the company of similar believers
Sleepless, who hear the walls breath and foam at the facial features
Now the yeast, a phoenix in the partially hydrogenated
Equal parts flower, faith, healing
Might replace your previously nominated jesus
But only if you privy to the following secret of all secrets
Shh, every night at 12 they would march out from the back
With a tray of raw dough for the pool of hot fat
Show up around 1 never get your god back
If you're just tuning in, walk into the light
I boil oil too, not for scarfing
For CCs of japanese innovation that screech into free parking
Purple heart and 2nd chin that beseech him to squeeze the carbs into the motherboard
You can chew the eucharist in cruller form
Locally a seedy danish underworld is bustling where jelly's not a celebrated it's a puppet string
Pluck, nose for canola
5 cow stomachs like a mime with a rope going nowhere
Fast, right hand of god on my shoulder, crows feet swollen, dopey
Combing apple fritters over with folk of opposing cultures
Baby sitter cop thief reverend, body glitter, botched c-section, bronze teeth
Each progressively more sequestered
Yet if threatened will defend the rasin bread as codefendants
Some lose religion or view it as superstition
You can tell a friend ifyou are down to kill them
Shh, every night at 12 they would march out from the back
With a tray of raw dough for the pool of hot fat
Show up around 1 never get your god back
If you're just tuning in, walk into the light
The fat boys are back, foam fingers over open arms
To feverishly reclaim their stomachs from golden jars
And stagger through the pulse ofthe gulch on a builder's dividends
Hiding high behind his guilty powdered-sugar fingerprints
Seething eventide fever, sidewalk feeling a little dicey
I'm snake-eye straight to the cakes icing
Might, fortune-teller up your favorite paper tiger stripe
Great, grace invaders, the first-name basis patron haters
Who compromise the pilot lights and flavors
Silent night, holy night, invite the pious out the pagan
Midnight kitchen doors un-caging the enablers like butchers in bloody aprons
Can I get a fucking amen?
AMEN, hazelnut raiders of the lost,
navigate consecutive pastries like stations of the cross
No name no dayjob
Know the folk where it virgin mary toast by the loaf
Thanks bob
Shh, every night at 12 they would march out from the back
With a tray of raw dough for the pool of hot fat
Show up around 1 never get your god back
If you're just tuning in, walk into the light
They did not know how long they had been there
They did not know how long they had been there
They did not know how long they had been there
They did not know how long they had been there
They did not know how long they had been there
They did not know how long they had been there
They did not know how long they had been there
Look
Unsigned hype
Front line aeronauts flurry
Zero dark thirty
Zero friends minotaur-fugly stepchild
Evoke lunch jumped over plunging necklines
Up, beside tongue-tied hungry enzymes
Devote one into mothmen munching textiles
Punisher
Out past go-time
Back 10 fried worms chubbier
Brown grass both sides
Canned food
Manmade tools
Lanacane, band aids, mandrake root
Bindle on a broomstick, pancaked shoes
And a handshake-proof campaign, cant lose
Cant gain
Smoke out moles like a force of nature
Pray fortune return to his favor
Swiftly
Maybe in the form of a nest egg
Maybe in the form of a tesla death ray
Or a solid gold scene with something better to celebrate
Than powder on a face like a flatfoot on jelly day
M-m-moral compass all batshit
Spinning in the shadows of immoral magnets
Are we supporting the artist or enabling the addict
I mean, I guess it matters to me
I wish it mattered to you
How a thousand virtues
Kick the same bucket like chinatown turtles
Roving packs of elusive young become
Choke-lore writers over boosted drums
In the terrifying face of a future tongue
Down down from a huntable surplus to one
Down down from a huntable surplus to one
Down down from a huntable surplus to one
Down down from a huntable surplus to one
Check his own Breakneck pulse
Over colors in a drain
That emote sugar skulls in the rain
Flower-eyes melting
guided by a levy made of bath tiles tilting
Quarter up and headed for the kill screen
No corner cut, no build team
Only a particularly menacing
Angle perpendicular to everything
Boys room cherry bomb
Boy/goon very much runnin' with the devil in the mellotron
Hello
Heres where a tale of caution
Pounds coffin nails
To bootlegs of Hawkwind, saw tooth
Nevermind straw to gold
Spin hearts on sleeves into heads on poles
Arm in the maw
Fish out pith like a business card from a jar at the mall
A-alike androids dreaming of carbon applause
Get stuffed with cartoon cigars
Cold pack, neti-pot, home to roost
Around folk backed into what they most lampoon
Shook to the fevered brow and broke ankles
Daisy, declawed pound, no thank you
Fade me
Failed all basic training
But I spent a couple groundhog days with a changeling
Silhouette the gods last cigarette
Anything less would be ri-god-damn-diculous
Roving packs of elusive young become
Choke lore writers over boosted drums
In the terrifying face of a future tongue
Down down from a huntable surplus to one
Down down from a huntable surplus to one
Down down from a huntable surplus to one
One
One
One
One
One
One
One
July 4th 1981,candles of a Roman ilk
Unloaded from a chevy truck
Into the home her folks had built
Patio was charcoals and extended fam in folding chairs
Safely arced around the yard to focus on the smoking flares
Couple cousins, uncles, aunts, mostly grown-ups, couple brats
Baby Ruby's only two
She's too close to the jumping jacks
Mommy scoops her to the house
Buckles up the booster seat
Rolls her to the storm door
Let her long for all the lunacy
Telephone distracting Mom
Ruby wriggles out her strap
Fingers push the plexi-glass
She's off into the sour patch
Past the pyrotechnics undetected and invisible
Woke the sleeping beagle skipping toward the kidney swimming pool
Off into the yawning blue
The splash would mum the rocket-ships
Ruby's lungs were filling by the time her kin were cognizant
Many sprung and sprinted down
All arrive belated but
The beast she had earlier stirred had been alert since waking up
Canine let his gainer fly
Water top commotion grow
Howling guests assumed the cloven hoofs had come to do-si-do
Frenzied and congested deck
Part to let the elders see
Soggy beagle gently dragging Ruby in his yellow teeth
Laid the tiny body in the sun before her Fathers feet
When she choked the liquid through her bluish lips he dropped his knee
Helped the air to reconvene
Towel his shaking Ruby off
EMT confirm the save
Everybody say
"Good dog!"
Somebody in a cultivated moment of distress
Composed himself to artfully carve Zoso in his desk
They was probably thinking fuck you fuck you fuck you in they head
With a hell bound arm and a acidy wash
Homemade curfew a thousand o'clock
And a pot leaf tattoo his friend did drunk
Like a badge of mystique that technically sucked
Taking the name of the father in vain
On the way to the blade in his locker, it's strange
A switch he lifted from a siblings Skippy jar
Who branched off into ninja stars
And never knew his shit was sharp
To here with a higher purpose
And a prime alert to juvenile beserkers
Like kush Van Morrison an Arcade Drop Floor
Down to the valley time for miss Ahkmar, watch
Capital Z(ed), slowly maneuver the O
S is the most difficult to control
Finally O
Into the eye of Goliath you goes
That levee crushing percussion
Will pull the monkey up right
Twelve or ghetto blaster
Blacken her technicolor telecaster
Lecture at a faster rate
The class was making them develop backwards
It would appear you spelled out all the answers
Somebody in a cultivated moment of distrust,
composed themselves enough to magic-marker Zulu on these chucks,
they was tryin to do the buckle font from renegades of funk,
in a 3d frame of exploding brick, and whiz-lines for the locally motion sick,
beyond gross but evoked a host of oh dip where a social neurosis owned the whole strip, heart of a cat with a lark in his mouth in the marrow of waiting his guardians out, flashlight, chisel tips, milked venom, pistol grip, images relocated from milled vellum to scissor kick, silent agreement at hand, king of the hill for a queen of the damned, she in the doorway seething began that clean white pair had a 3-year planl, oops, capital zed, radical u in the cut, truly to beautiful l"oser it up, and he done, collateral damage a future alum, that key to Shambala, planet rocking, Bambaatta, sample chop, churning out a cancer for the vandal squad, analog, and he finds, animated colors on a page, like synthesized cultures on a stage
Somebody in a cultivated moment of resolve,
composed themselves enough to publicize "the Zeros in this stall,
they was scoping every dog and pony previously scrawled,
with a festering hate for the gum drop edge, disco sucks tee,
punks not dead, but a transient teen unsung godsend, via 3 bar chords and a mugshot grin, cheese, sign of a runaway tone in the face of authority thumbing nose, cutting its teeth,
pretzled up in special order vinyl,
and birds that dip their belts in little metal porcupine quills,
2 dutch at a show in the front,
low-key to the can for a smoke and a fuck, Trixie,
fixing her lipstick up, when his mitts got bit by the mischief bug,
snatchl, capital zed, terrible e in vermillion red,
gimme an 0 and a slippery s, over a web of the shittiest bands,
that beat your heart out, never bleeped your favorite parts out from a learned curve, of bird fingers bursting out of germs burns, urgently,
offered through the circuits ofan earlier plot, Ill see you at the
When they ask how you, feeling you, tell em you,
feeling like, something important died screaming, you, tell em you, feeling like, something even more important arrived breathing,
something you should probably try feeding,
When they as how you, living you, tell em you, living like,
something important died hissing, you, tell em you,
living like, something even more important arrived giving,
something you should probably try willing
Postcards from the pink bath leisure as a cloaked horse
Through a stained-glass Saint Peter, hack faith-healer
cheat death to the very end, cherry wooden nickels on his specs for the ferryman
4 and 21 crows
None go south
For the supper when a punk goes out
Checkerboard of mothballed death-forms
Hauled via vaudeville canes
And encased where the claw marks wane off broadway the god way
Watch, our father
Commuters from the farms with news of el chupacabra
Who transfuse soup out a fresh punk skull
Dumb full blood suckers
Only the chum suffers
Pine box butcher
Encouraging poor lighting
Said a pall bore not a sure sign ofjarred lightning"
Harsh, that's how the yellow spine-diner was born
Feral feeding that strung his organs up like tire swing art
Chippin' a drippy set of broke bone grinders
More for the hive mind
Less for the land mine finders
Fine, no defacto leaders in the eatery
Unless you count the way they led his heart through his tuxedo tee
Straight out the front
4 and 22
Cue the cut throat mouth
Chew together when a punk goes out
Etiquette of tart-tongued ghouls
Never run truck jewels
Run a culinary school for gluttony-drunk wolves
In guttural grunts
Smothering buttery lung ramen
Early sign of punk showed up on the diagnostic
Hm, pardon if I seem stand all the see-sawed loss, I can't call it
All petite drawn straws and orange caution
Or outcast creeps re-involved for absolvement
It's gaudy, plus when a hell-bound offspring and yours share an all evolve salty
Watch, if fortune is a bitch with venom and laser tits
Maybe sin ll make for sugar-flavored flesh
Kings taste terrible at best and rest in peace raw
The rest are recipes
Caw!
Birds of a black
Black feather stick together forever and ever and they always remember you
And all of the shit you do
They pass it to the baby birdies and then they remember too
Little baby bluebird eyes turn black
Without forgetting the face of the guy in the mask
When you see me baby will you scream or will you laugh?
Little baby blue bird, eyes turn black
4 and 20 gory pantone black crows shredding innards
The silouettes are fencing lefty scissors
Separating horn and hoof as own arpeggiators
They piggy back the tombs of all your deadest friends and neighbors
By the getty image, green-cheese moon
Dead-of-winter shit, graveyard tchk! tchk!
Shifter shit, brother was a face card
Crown like a heart-shaped tunnel of woven branches leaning in over his hydro-plaining pace car chase...
Wait up let me isolate the bass more
Gate of god's acre
Aim to rake the snow off each forsaken name here
Supposedly closure'l free the vipers out the bosom
Personally I think it's a bunch of bullshit
Prisoners, tradition is for lovers
God forbid he flip the witch against her coven on some dip or play the dozens
Now I baptize skips in larvae and dental records
On a little plot pregnant with 6 million sentenceenders
And the tech support for tragedy's emphatically horrendous
Teenage operators explaining what bated breath is
Pass, I wish it were something I could diagram on a napkin so you won't feel so detached if it should happen to you privately
Publicly your shadows'll cat call back
Happy to split the button eye and burlap doll
Crack the crypt
Bats eject like cousin death's wing-ed Iapdogs ricocheting sonar of the sacrilege
Now let me slow this whole shit down for all you half-goat cowards
I'll even grit my teeth for you
I am so completely off the god-damn grid it's not a question of addressing me, I
T's "what do these symbols under the dresser mean"
Perhaps a little dash of karma chameleons through the entropy for good/young
Could've used a good lung
Still, proximity to corpses wasn't nothing to the kid but unforgiving science or cinematic horrors
Fast forward, my knee in the gut of a glass
"remember that cow in the dean's seems awkward
And I know your people donated pints to the same pavement but for ash and bone to share a space with strangers seems outrageous, ain't it?
Maybe a dialog of howls that reshapes thejowls and face somehow relates to whatever you have found among a thousand cloned shrines, either way - dope stone lion
And they call to let you know your friend is dead in a box
The crows have the tools to get the meat out of the box
Scientific, ritualistic, headstone cold foxes still rot
I'm not gonna rot, no, fuck that snot
You can let them let you rot, man
But I'm not going to watch
I'm not gonna stand atop your plot
I love you friends, but I'm just not
On the other hand if your ashes are scattered in the sea
I will swim in the sea and you'll be with me
And if your shit is scattered at the roots of a tree
I will climb that tree
Everything you think you're hiding shows
In the way you view the graves like a string of tiny thrones
Messages you'd tucked away for keeps has resurfaced to be heard amidst the butchery and beaks
You don't want the passengers to pass
You want each cow taxidermy'd fatter than the last
Mausoleum lighting is a rush
While it might enhance a silhouette it might expose a crutch
A proud chest puffed to the heavens
Holds nothing if we're cutting past the muscle and the tendon
And we will be cutting past the muscle and the tendon...
Ian why don't you say grace
"dear god thanks, and if you loved me vegetables would be extinct"
Now I'm looking down the barrel of a string-bean side like an exodus of biblical proportion redefined
Rectangle seat 4, squeeze 5, each one
May not be excused from the table til the green gone
Stomach revvin up an episodic rerun
Where's a dissipating plume of smoke when you need one?
Chris and Graham hate em too but advocate a braver chew invented for the code red, cola chaser, nose held, gulp!
Moments later 2 have been released
Leaving me the legroom and the legume police
Going "freeze, you with the pretzeled arms
Send your fabricated nausea my best regards
And know this kitchen as a prison til the pea pods die
I could sit here all night"
So could I
Who was at the doorjust now?
Kids on dirt bikes asking you to bunny-hop the curbsides Really?
Yup I told em "oh he busy, he staring at his green beans being a total pussy
Who was at the doorjust now?
Kids on skateboards asking you to navigate the claymores Really?
Yup, I told em "oh he can't, he in the kitchen pouting and terrified ofa plant"
Blink Twice if you are being held hostage
I speak and spell ofa sleeper cell in the hospice
Woke, impersonating busy little helpers
That intimately purr between the hiccuping up of feathers
Pick a porcelain dish
A single portion canned
Frozen or fresh
Defies the glory ofthe Poultry or fish
Via communal bloodletting that rupture spud levy
No '87 supper-scape was truly flood-friendly, ever
Including at your basic cemetery for contaminated textures 60 minutes into never
Where room temp heirlooms emanate a crude black mist
To a rendition of "dude, dad's pissed"
Tell dad dude's pissed too
Not to mention genuinely brandishing a the new gill hue
Still out-mule any last strafing watchmen
til the lord taketh waiting as an option
Who was at the doorjust now?
Kids on dirt bikes asking you to bunny-hop the curbsides Really?
Yup I told em "oh he busy, he staring at his green beans being a total pussy
Who was at the doorjust now?
Kids on skateboards asking you to navigate the claymores Really?
Yup, I told em "oh he can't, he in the kitchen pouting and terrified ofa plant"
Less like toes in a tide pool
More like, left, right, poached from notable giant Kaiju
Fat neck, fine tooth, rock and lean, yelling
"this ends now eat the god damn beans!" ah!
Hangdog mouth talk slang wrong and that there's flatware exhumed by a crane arm
Time for some action
Stab one ripe for a swipe and extraction
Brined in malpractice
Carried to the cavernous yap and obliged access
If only in compliance with a deep-fried fascist, peep
Literally bite down once
And my tongue get a flooding from my uninvited guts
Pointer finger plug a hole in the damn
Ma notice, "ok gross, dinner's over, go spit", pop call "bullshit"
Both of my brothers break in, like "he's on his Davie Hogan no mistaken", by the way
Who was at the doorjust now?
Kids on dirt bikes asking you to bunny-hop the curbsides Really?
Yup I told em "oh he busy, he staring at his green beans being a total pussy
Who was at the doorjust now?
Kids on skateboards asking you to navigate the claymores Really?
Yup, I told em "oh he can't, he in the kitchen pouting and terrified ofa plant"
Who put the monkey wrench in well oiled prefectionist emblem
Just to watch these moniters spit white noise
through your office space?
Automate.
I infect jolly gene pool descendent cloud clusters
starving art revolution sound jugglers.
Delinquent fan for brick habitat.
Bob, weave, stick, move, fence
and pause somewhere in the middle for slick invention.
This years brain crops spread spectacular.
I ain't mad at cha, don't stay mad at the caliber.
I twist characters like twist characters.
Tally up the alley cat aggresion
in this Doug E. Fresh infested mess up bass line lust.
An automatic B-boy krylon can combust circuits
Working these war picked cyphers
with Ted Stryker stability and kamakazi chivalry.
I alone noble in a warm food feud
Walking dead generation.
Ain't nobody asking for your patience.
The grand opening holding me to the fact
that I knew myself and didn't have to ask nobody else.
(Talk about labor)
Fantastic planet urchin puting work in.
Searching for pertinent verse minus the murderous diversion.
Apologies won't lore me to the communal sob story
nor would I sacrifice lifestyle to benefit jury temperament.
This whole Green Goblin web cutter butts up against
crayola daydream landscapes spittin bedlam, dead 'em.
Charge the villagers nickles and nicotine
to watch him fed to one disgruntled kraken at high noon.
We'll sell popcorn, beer and balloons
I got an inkling this gon be the one children bicker over.
Its that warriors vs. baseball fury element
to glitch his motor sensory development
I am a star, really.
The big bang bastard's back
with a one way ticket to Beat Street.
This all is like relevent to human kind supply/demand ratios
man, learn it.
I work past the surface
I work on what I love, I work to service all my burdens
And I'll work until this here little flat line closes the curtains
Some cats grow by the laws of the wild
Some learn slower and lag in the mud
Some stand up in defense of a style
Some let the big dogs eat them up
At exactly 11:35pm on January 21st I fell asleep sound
At exactly 11:35pm on Januray 21st some shit went down
[Aesop Rock]
Now Benny was a New York City crime kingpin
Five girl, fame, guaranteed to itch pigskin
Raided near the Brooklyn Naval yard, ? undercover
When they asked him what he pled he said, "You're fuckin' up my color!"
[Mr. Lif]
Okay, Jose is working in the slaughterhouse
Said he's living in the hood, but he wants to get his daughter out
Slipped off a ledge, and fell into a machine
Another dead immagrant, that's the American Dream
[Aesop Rock]
Miss Molly, helpless, made a penny with a data entry temp gig
Overqualified by the rent sticks
Red brick bash with a texted green screen
Like, "I entered my data right into your screen"
[Mr. Lif]
Jane went insane, she's an anchorwoman
Sick of pusing skewed information
And abusing the nation
Had a few options:
Either jump or run
Critical ways or waving a gun
Time for see-H-A-N-G-E
Held a knife to the VP on TV
She demanded that the format be expanded
Beyond fair, everybody clear, understand it?
[Aesop Rock]
Billy was a coke fiend
[Mr. Lif]
Maggy was a cop
[Aesop Rock]
Like a dope he stole green
[Mr. Lif]
She patroled the block
[Aesop Rock]
Banking off his old scheme
[Mr. Lif]
She recognized his plot
[Aesop Rock]
He thought he was home free
[Mr. Lif]
She knew that he was not
[Aesop Rock]
Now it's off to the jail in a blue squad car
[Mr. Lif]
She pocketed the crack before they got far
[Aesop Rock]
Billy watches Maggy from behind steel bars
Like "Where the crack went?"
[Mr. Lif]
"I'ma smoke it tomorrah"
[Aesop Rock]
They call him Larry Luck
Blackjack, big spender
He was married once
Till he bet her ring finger
Seen leaving Las Vegas
With a pick up truck, diamond
forty large, and beautiful wife piece
Than what he came with
Itched to get rich found nickels in the couch
Hitched back to the casino with in an hour
Said "I'm here to make a dollar out of fifteen cents"
And was immediately shot to his death over debts
[Mr. Lif]
As Colin died, his mother cried
By the EMS survived
Said that he could be revived but they lied
Afterlife realized that water from the skies
Washes pain from our eyes so our hopes could rise
[Aesop Rock]
Now, J.J. punch drunk, acts like a dumb fuck
Bum touched girls looking young enough to thumb suck
Once sought a life thought it right to write about
Now gets raped by aryans in the big house (OUCH!)
[Mr. Lif]
Ted did 20 years for growing some weed
Though he used to snort coke and dabble with speed
Welcome home, homie, here's a blunt with that
You know the rules, bitch, take two and pass
Some cats grow by the laws of the wild
Some learn slower and lag in the mud
Some stand up in defense of a style
Some let the big dogs eat them up
At exactly 11:35pm on January 21st I fell asleep sound
At exactly 11:35pm on Januray 21st some shit went down
[Aesop Rock]
I got one Jack or Jill
Jill won't, Jack will
Jill didn't, then did it
Jack fell
No cellophane secrets, be
I guess I sense two felt bumps in the tar
No cell
But hell, you jump the bar so well
Parted your partners veil and dipped
I'm New York harbor
Tale of a sail, ripped sorta
Stuck on purpose for tha love of birthplace
But would have carried you home inside of my teeth anyday
Turns out I wasn't cast in the master plan anyway
He holds no grudge, holds his tongue, wow
Same one she used to hold in both smiles
? instinctual last shout if it killed me
So you can ride up in the sun city guilt-free
One year passed, the table is wobbling and your hollerin' back
Sippin the fits you skip when shit cracks
They never missed it
Not a long haul, bullshit, kids kicked into the sink
Shoebox, with a flicks of lipstick
I'll love you forever, 'cause you know me better
For the record, at one time, would have married you in a second
But killed all our kindling dreams, and never get the friendship
Or else by the time the stress wears out we'll both be dead and friendless
Day turns night (8x)
Night Light suckas..
Put one up shackle me, not clean logic procreation
I did invent the wheel, in a previous generation
While the triple sixers lassos keep angels roped in the basement
I locate modern halos and pass em out to the pavement
Y'all catch a 30-second flash frame
Dirty cooperative Neptune bloom head-trip split
Fantastic! Fathom the splicing of major league low lifes
With anti hero earthworm mentality (Godzilla!)
I pace my game for zero hour completion
See a cretin's still a cretin even speakin' altered moniker
American nightmare lost in the monitor
I'll hold the door open so you can stagger through
Then ten berserk and bread cookies in after you
It's the gutter and I spell it with the 'G' I stole from 'Get
the f**k up'
Noise crutch stolen wretched refuse of my teaming dumb luck
Still I promise temperance storm breed still bleeding Amish
See the freaks sucked out the bottom dropped while three bears invade the cottage
And I can't sleep now
Yeah, the police'll laugh
You won't be laughing when your covered wagons crash
You won't be laughing when you're hosted by the ghost of
Christmas past
You won't be laughing when your blow up doll's
got a headache and won't give up the ass
And I lay my kicks to rest when I'm impressed
So I staple-gun them to my feet
This origami dream is beautiful: pull the tail watch the wings
flap
But you really can't do a thing with that
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day
Swallow up the pieces
Spit 'em at your species
Reachin' the city of lost barnacles and leeches
Night-light got me when the daylight went to evening
Night (Light) Day (Light) x8
I'm pretty sure I got a pulse.. plus
We Shimmy cross the centerfold, and our night light engulfed
Just let me keep the crumbs (Please)
With seven deadly stains
To hear the plane to crystal conscious
The results a dead-beat trying to make a dollar off a bomb
threat (OK)
Lift me to activism chain activate wild-style Pluto orbit
Set a course then push the button
I swallow spores born by the laws of a morbid glutton (alley gospel)
I can spot a drunk battalion by the Charlie Chaplin waddle
Zig zag and zig 'em again before they can pull a badge out
But I lash out
Another thick installment of one night in Gotham like
'Houston we have a problem'
They're buffing the trains the same days the graffiti writers
bomb 'em
Who split how many freaks on box cuts of a high road bellow?
Heads ripped! Watch red bricks turn yellow
I'll try to meet the wizard
But a tailgating tin-man holding an oil can
won't let a hermit crab break in his new shell-toes
Life's not a bitch, life is a beotch
who keeps the villagers circling the marketplace
out searching for the G-spot
Maybe she didn't feel y'all shared any similar interests
Or maybe you're just an asshole; maybe I'm just an asshole
Kiss the speaker wire, seaming swashbuckler or pagan thresh hold
Stomach full of diner food
Wings span cast black upon views
Here to help release the rabid hounds or pick apart your mood
I got this friend of polar nature and it's all peace
When I seek similar stars but can't sit at the same feast
Metal Captain!
This cat is asking if I've seen his bit of lost passion
I told him: 'Yeah' I gave him one last look and smashed him
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day
Swallow up the pieces
Spit 'em at your species
Reachin' the city of lost barnacles and leeches
Night-light got me when the daylight went to evening
Night (Light) Day (Light)..
[Verse 1: Aesop Rock]
The dirty dishes are becoming self-aware
Even the roaches like "I wouldn't raise my children here"
Simple syrup in his veins, dirty nails, lizard brain
Eyes wide, spine like a saltlick a pissing rain (pssss)
ASR Schroder split the rent with ghosts and bacterial cultures
Might track poltergeists prints through his Folgers, gross
Home is where the unholy sojourn
Dead sea bath tub
Never mind his welfare
Party at the penthouse carpeted in pet hair
Fridge full of black deli meat and dead air
Sill prefer it to the overbearing lens flare
And death stare Plinko and an at risk ego
System, egos over peace, love, and wisdom
Police shooting everything
Media's a fuck show
Religion is a scapegoat for cut-throats
Fuck no
[Hook 1: Aesop Rock]
I ain't going out there, man
I don't trust no one out there, man
You don't even know what's out there, man
Man
[Verse 2: Homeboy Sandman]
Sycophants is on the prowl so I don't need to do laundry
I'll dry myself with paper towels
Can't have a decent conversation with the butcher, baker, or candlestick maker
At least they smoking vapor now
I still am not going to vacate and ain't breaking out
It's such a boring scene
I found more buoyancy in quarantine
Accommodations second rate
At least it's an environment that I can regulate
Like I was Warren G
I got a fan and bucket full of ice cubes
Fuck what's popping on the street
I gotta sweep up mice poo
I waged a war against the spiders and was left with the mosquitoes
But these blood suckers leave a bump
Those blood suckers always want to free-load
Yo, who's that peeking in my key hole trying to keep it on the d-low
Plain and simple, mine's my favorite simple mind
So I'm closing all the windows and I'm shutting all the blinds
[Hook 2: Homeboy Sandman]
I ain't goin' out there, son
I don't trust no one out there, son
I don't even know what's out there, son
Son
[Verse 3: Open Mike Eagle]
Yo, I got a big-ass TV and my house has four of 'em
Some of y'all is cutting the cords or mad more of 'em
Fuck foraging, I do the shit that I can sit and do
Maybe in the future we can fly by a living room
Or order from Grub Hub but it ain't no pasta left
Outside is where my distant cousins get shot to death
Plus I'm very broke, I ain't even got a buck for the ferry boat
If something dope happens throw it on periscope
A meerkat? Seen it. I ain't trying to hear that
I'm planted in my zone because home is where it's weird at
Anything I want I locate with little to no wait
Through a vast network of homies that work for post-rates
Hella spies still sitting here, so watch me rotate
Outsiders for the prize says "sugar in traffic jams"
Device charged, apps in hand, I'm a handy-man
If you want to give me some energy come and visit me
[Hook 3: Open Mike Eagle]
Because I ain't goin' out there, fam
I don't trust no one out there, fam
I don't even know what's out there, fam
Damn
[Verse 1]
Yup
Steps up to the plate
Little brother, little league
'87 he was 8
Rookie season for the skinny slugger
Newly out of tee-ball
Pit against a pitcher with a ripper you could eat off
Churched then a grump alones[?] runner third first
Granny yelling "Go Cubs!", nose in her word search
See MILFs like apes on a monolithic bleacher, and are advocating war and peace in lieu of sport and leisure
"Hi Peggy"
I was 10, chewing on a sweet tart
Little brother, left-field, Queen's guard
Mean arm, knees bent
2-out, 2 on bags
When I caught him staring down at something moving through the grass
Hold up
Tagged runner, and the whole cast rotate
Not before he could identify the culprit
Granny yelling, "Go Cubs!"
Graham yelling, "Gopher!"
New left-fielder give a fuck about a homer
Got a homie, little rodent, head and shoulders at a supple[?]
No baseball in the bubble
Ruh-roh
Parents thought it adorable
The players followed suit
Inning crawling to a close
Head coach not amused
Coach seeing red
Coach on the diamond dragging 27 inches of aluminium behind him
When he transverse 3rd, the families turn nervous
The following is a transcript of man vs vermin
Here we go
Man stands out by a hole
Pest pops up to patrol
Man plays live whack-a-mole
In a scene that would try every child as adult
Woah
Pallbearer with a ball mitt
Thrown over the fence
Coach at the bench
Both teams lose
"Good game. Good game"
Granny yelling "Go Cubs!", Cubs ain't playing
[Pre-hook 1]
My little brother is a funny dude
A lot of funny shit happened to him
My other brother pretty funny too
Ain't seen him in a minute though
[Hook]
Just in case of rough waters, I wanna put one up for my brothers
Just in case of rough waters, I wanna put one up for my brothers
[Verse 2]
Yup
Not a part of the machine
Big brother, big idea, 9-0, 16
Neubaten tee, plaid flannel laden adolescent art kid
Tony Hawk hair, Skinny Puppy denim
And a record player vomiting Alien Sex Fiend
Peel sessions in a Christian home for field testing
It's real youth in the palm of your hand
When your Mom thinks Satan is involved in a band
We were buried in the village voice
Checking who was playing where
Pulled his head up out the paper, pushing out a single tear
Five words, like a beacon of light in the mist
"Ministry live at the Ritz"
It was Christ has risen to Chris
3 loves, 2 fish
Miracle of mechanized loops on 2-inch
Coming to a theatre he would be there in the flesh
Moms didn't say "No," but she didn't say "Yes"
Copped tickets, ha the plot thickens
Countdown to ultimate concert experience
Moms still worrying
"Why are they called Ministry? Are they a cult?"
Maybe she could probably investigate
Bought a mag with an Al Jourgensen interview
Read a couple sentences, glanced at a pic or two or three
That's all, no fair trial
Simply, "You will not be going to the show and that's final!"
What occurred next were the top of the lungs of a son who unjustly had lost what he'd loved
In a moment that would transcend anger to high-arts
Said, "This is something I am willing to die for!"
Can you even imagine a death in the fam from industrial fandom?
Anyway, no body count no concert and Chris kicked rocks in his mismatched converse
[Pre-hook 2]
My older brother is a funny dude
A lot of funny shit happened to him
We hadn't spoken in a couple moons
I called him last night
"How you doing?"
[Hook]
Just in case of rough waters, I wanna put one up for my brothers
Just in case of rough waters, I wanna put one up for my brothers
Just in case of rough waters, I wanna put one up for my brothers
Question: If I died in my apartment like a rat in a cage
Would the neighbors smell the corpse before the cat ate my face?
I used to floss the albatross like Daddy Kane with the chain
I'm tryin' to jettison the ballast with the hazardous waste
The kid is comfortably numb, routine a tedious crutch
Deep in a self imposed Stockholm and Lima influx
Maybe an occupation popular with demons and ducks
Made any mingling akin to bein' seasoned and stuffed
It's a theatre of jumpin' jellyfish, jealous little sycophants
Miserable and flimsy from the skivvys to the pissy pants
Each one seperately convinced
They're sketching with Da Vinci's hands
Delusion turn a communication of prison camp
You fuckin' dorks ain't a threat to the cause
There ain't a lesson we can learn from the ostensibly lost
I think it's funny when defendants from identical haunts
Step out the tempest to measure Of what the spectrum involves
Maybe no one cares, party over here, I'll be over there
Don't need no help, all by myself
I used to hang around with rappers at the root of the scene
It meant a lot to feel the fugitive community breathe
Maybe to sentimentalize is to be truly naive
I know some shit about your heroes that you wouldn't believe
I think we're all a bunch of weirdos on a quest to belong
The songs are echolocation up in impregnable fog
That's why it's odd to see a pile of imperfections and flaws
Ascend a pedestal to patronize the rest of the cogs
And a mess of obnoxious fantasy, posturing and pageantry
I ain't even mad, I'm impressed, shit it's baffling
God almighty chop an ivory tower to piano keys
Play your own dirge on the way to surfin' maggot beach
You fuckin' dorks ain't a source of the art
You can't be cooler than the corners Where you source all your parts The poker face, all it takes a couple sordid remarks
We let the manticore out, We make the sorcery bark
Life is so unfair, party over here, I'll be over there
Don't need no help, all by myself
I view the rattling of sabres like a show to expose
Insecurities exploding in emotional code
With braggadocio to go from mostly jokey to gross
Corrode a homie til his probity is notably ghost
Before the hobby was a job he was a manager,
Hell You would wobble round your momma like an infant gazelle
The disillusionment has truly been a difficult pill
That you was anything menacing is a difficult sell
In a whistle-and-bellorama, black mollies to dress up like piranha
It's not even compelling melodrama
It's a comedy, somebody wanna shop you as a saga
I'm very voluntarily persona non grata
You fuckin' dorks ain't the leaders we need
This ain't the medium for divas out to weasel and breed
I'm off in coffee with the paupers over tea with the queen
Don't make 'em show the regency what disobedient means
Heavy load to bear, party over here, I'll be over there
Don't need no help, all by myself
My spirit animal comes with a pretzel bun
Troll of a treadmill, record on the Kessel Run (allegedly)
Edgy from elevensies to megabucks
Techies with the treble down, this is how we level up
Dead meat, time travel, pressure, and disease
As ushered out of two fingers pecking at the keys
The coping mechanism in his LMNOPs
Went from healthy to unhealthy to oh hell he never leaves
Cineplex Jesus, curse at the curly fries
Mulling over Chuck D telling me diversify
I'm at the Supercut souping up the wardrobe
Fourcast looking like Ganesh on four phones
HelloHelloHelloHello base camp space camp
Bass in your facefuck, brace for the rain dance
Back in the back of the classroom
After a magical nap in a vacuum
Act natural
Whatever that means for ya
Whatever that means for ya
Whatever that means for ya
Before climbing douchebag mountain I was skate or die
Started eating kale and came to terms with my lazy eye
Puttin on the yoga lady, cuttin off the cable guy
Whistle while you're waiting for your condition to stabilize
A/V cables everywhere, every piece of vinyl scratched
Mentholated tiger balm, Aleve with the arthritis cap
Irons in the niacin, iron quiet riot masked
Unabashed privacy expanding in a simulcast
Forty winks never the same adventure
Refreshing or this ain't the longest exorcism ever
In the end you gotta wonder if its even worth the effort
No stairways into heaven, you can step into the Escher
Some people have mistaken my allegience for a weakness
They fucked me up for eons, I wish there wes a theist
The type to fake his death and forget he faked his death
Show up on TV in the crowd at the AVNs (like)
Act natural
Whatever that means for ya
Whatever that means for ya
Whatever that means for ya
Sometimes I feel my heart putrifying inside my body
From diary at dark, to piety in the ponzi
On my better days they mingle and walk off into the poppy
On my worst, work is overshadowed by the monte
I had to buy some clothes that fit me and pretend I like agave
With a promise to his congress not to compromise the motley (in em)
Maybe I should kinda sorta move to Mars
I'm feeling kinda done, too many moving parts
The piss-poor vision is forty percent floaters
The kitchen is a chorus of glorious leftovers
The friends you confessed all the dark shit to
Would weaponize the information before we can send roses
And they want a little pearl and how we got to where we at
I can't remember where I am, I feel it's probably a trap
Balk with the lawless, cough in his notes
Walk on even when the walls hug his coat
Oh, and act natural
Whatever that means for ya
Whatever that means for ya
Whatever that means for ya
Used to draw
Hard to admit that I used to draw
Portraiture in a human form
Doodle of a two headed unicorn, it was soothing
Moving his arm in a fusion of man mad tools
And a muse from from beyond
Even if it went beautifully wrong
It was tangible truth for a youth who refused to belong
No name nuisance
Stools in the bedroom
Oozed in a brand new cuneiform
Barely commune with the horde
Got a whole gray scale ungluing his world
Might zone out to the yap of the magpie
Unseen hand dragging his graphite
Cross contour little bit of back light
Black ink after a Bristol to baptize
You can imagine the rush that ensue
When you get 3 dimensions stuffed into 2
Then it's off to a school where it's all that you do
Being trained and observed by a capable few
Back in New York, 5 peeps and a dog
In a 2 bedroom doing menial jobs
Plus, rhyming and stealing and being a clod
Distractions free to maraud
I left some years a deer in the light
I left some will to spirit away
I let my fears materialize
I let my skills deteriorate
Haunted by the thought of what I should have been continuing a mission that was routed in a 20 year affinity in rickety condition with an ID crisis
Nap on the front lawn, look up at the sky its
Shapes falling out of the fringe
All heart though we would've made cowardly kinds
They will chop you down just to count your rings
Just to count your rings, just to count your rings
And there were
Colors pouring out of the fringe
All heart though we would've made cowardly kings
They will chop you down just to count your rings
Just to count your rings, just to count your rings
Used to paint
Hard to admit that I used to paint
Natural light on the human face
Stenciled fire on his roommate's bass
It was blooming addiction
A miss and push and a pigment
Book like a tattooed pigskin, look
Pinhead kids intermittent
Drank Kool Aid from a tube of acrylic
And I grew up linseed oil over linen
Joy to the poison, voice in the resin
Capture a map of the gesture
Back up, add a little accurate fat to the figure
Redo that, move that inward
Zinc white lightening shoots from his fingers
Studios drone with allusions of tinctures
Stay tuned for the spooky adventures
You can imagine the stars that align
When a forearm starts foreshortening right
Or a torso hung on a warping spine
And proportion reads as warm and alive
Routine day with a dirt cheap brush
Then a week goes by and it goes untouched
Then 2, then 3, then a month
Then the rest of your life you beat yourself up
I left some seasons eager to fall
I left some work to bury alive
I let my means of being dissolve
I let my person curl up and die
Eating up his innards in unfeasible anxiety is brutally committed to relinquishing his privacy aligning with the trials of the Anti-Midas
Nap on the back lawn look up at the sky its
Shapes falling out of the fringe
All heart though we would've made cowardly kinds
They will chop you down just to count your rings
Just to count your rings, just to count your rings
And there were
Colors pouring out of the fringe
All heart though we would've made cowardly kings
They will chop you down just to count your rings
Just to count your rings, just to count your rings
At night I wear a wolf's head on my regular head
Considering a regular character sketch
Food hoarder, communes with the flora
Computes in cahoots with beauty and brute force
I've got a brand new normal at a thirty in New York, plus
Years at the fire pulling portions out of corn husks
Never mind time on the short bus
Terrifying errant knights thwarting any motherfucking fork tongued-sport
Agita flashing the hind molars, though his body less a weapon more a bag of lipomas
Over medium, treat skin-tags like scratch-offs
Rap like black-ops, rappers like lap dogs
He got the rad moves, catty alpha rat-proof (wait)
Twenty-sided die at the crap-shoot (wait)
Looking for a black hole to casually collapse through
Try isle nine by the cat food
There it is
Ooh wee, do we roast in a bilge, when the skinny from afar is darigold in them hills
Time better let a couple truths decay, if somebody going to rue the day
Check, check, check
Catch 'em on the lamb
(I ain't joking)
No maps, no muster point
(Nah, I ain't joking)
I put a pebble on a tomb
(I ain't joking)
Makin bath tub meth
I'm joking
Here we go
The whip got a tongue and teeth
Too tough, two blood-shot eyes with a Tungston bleep
When any putrefying arrow wants your lungs in reach
I field a vessel going zero to the fuck y'all think
And when your function fails I'm on an undisclosed island
Stroking exotic animals, open up rocket science
Leaning a jewellers loupe over a stolen sock 'o diamonds
Palm-made products a portrait of modern triumph, try us
Back at the battering ram post-haste
Cro-mags, wait till this Saturday plant grow legs
All you hear is intimate and code names
Ricochet around the geometry of a closed space
Unfrozen part of his new day-o
Face of divine evil, heart of Camu Tao
Some people find the daylight to be oddly alluring
I was in the dark, dodging and burning
Maybe cause I look like an ugly doll
(I ain't joking)
Pack a wallop in the wheelhouse
(Nah, I ain't joking)
Leave brass tacks everywhere
(I ain't joking)
I own many many homes
I'm joking
Here we go
All hog to we know costume
Black hoodie you can set your watch to
Tall drink, depths like an air raid
Radically detach with purveyors of the hair-brain
Down with the ship go a dozen fried wild links
Upperway, upper-case tri-state style kings
Get pie-faced, sent home tied to the sinewaves
Lights off, spine on sideways
Riding down the block, scooping Bobby in a boogie-down
Tome told me tell 'em "Hello, 7: 30 noodle-town"
Cool 'em down, global domination over sold bake
Situation commanding a broke dude cosplay
You don't want a meeting on an off-day trading horror stories from the hollows
The summary is as follows:
"These hate those and this thinks that's absurd"
Yip yap, y'all cats and birds
Meow meow meow meow meow
(I ain't joking)
Talking rubes on the radio
(Nah, I ain't joking)
Uh, suckers never play me
(I ain't joking)
I found Jimmy Hoffa's body
I'm joking
Here we go
